	{"docID":[3806,3747,3865,3933,1449,1456,1566,1408,1383,1256,1461,1580,4010,4173,4211,3981,664,339,1758,1773,1774,1770,1835,1832,1859,4528,4477,4492,4622,4670,4674,3012,2893,3003,785,872,844,890,808,824,2039,1965,4293,4408,4314,4339,4348,4315,2691,2782,2560,2671,2241,2386,3343,3338,3460,3352,983,1000,5412,5407,4699,4728,4760,4849,4730,4892,4865,5035,5247,5034,5254,5033,5166,5134,8176,8212,8340,8220,8227,8397,8579,8573,8582,8498,6654,6655,6849,6671,6771,6932,6886,6927,7176,7233,7235,7345,7381,7341,7182,7742,7558,7833,7729,7732,7737,6354,6611,6569,7942,7893,7928,8122,8095,5945,5959,6193,6206,6310,5645,12608,12731,12775,8791,8953,8987,8882,8949,9055,10272,10487,10384,10268,10484,10277,9771,9868,9730,9866,9792,9727,9772,9616,9814,9742,9709,9156,9288,9080,9141,9332,9294,11425,11504,11456,11558,11517,13154,13155,13109,11238,11958,11830,11883,11740,12004,12075,12102,12003,12007,12000,12129,13066,13076,12962,12947,11101,11015,10989,10520,10687,10672,10576,10772,10683,10654,9946,10081,9942,10004,10153,9933,10174,10151,10118,9592,9455],"text":["Walter Johnson. The season record is 54 by Phil Knell in 1891 and the game record is six held by Ed Knouff and John Grimes. Brady Anderson was the first player to be hit by a pitch two times in the same inning in an American League game. On April","new microcomputer to inform them that he and others were working on a BASIC interpreter for the platform. In reality Gates and Allen did not have an Altair and had not written code for it; they merely wanted to gauge MITS's interest. MITS president Ed Roberts agreed to meet them","series riddled with injuries and plagued by bizarre misfortunes. Otto Krueger the team's only utility player was beaned on September 19 and never fully played in the series. 16-game winner Ed Doheny left the team three days later exhibiting signs of paranoia; he was committed to an insane asylum the","in a single cell. All 256 (2) possible combinations of 8 dots are encoded by the Unicode standard. Braille with six dots is frequently stored as Braille ASCII. The first 25 braille letters up through the first half of the 3rd decade transcribe \"a\u2013z\" (skipping \"w\"). In English Braille the","wait until high school and give \u201cdrivers ed\u201d but if it was a medium it had to extend into the world of childhood. Starting in 1984 Kay was an Apple Fellow at Apple Computer until the closing of the ATG (Advanced Technology Group) one of the company's R&D divisions. He","the current record; this syntax derives from sed which in turn inherited it from the ed editor where codice_7 is used for searching. This syntax of using slashes as delimiters for regular expressions was subsequently adopted by Perl and ECMAScript and is now quite common. The tilde operator was also","of Mesopotamia (ED) and succeeded by the Ur III Period although both transitions are blurry. For example: it is likely that the rise of Sargon of Akkad coincided with the late ED Period and that the final Akkadian kings ruled simultaneously with the Gutian kings alongside rulers at the city-states","(as Dunstan is celebrated on 19 May). Alcuin College one of the colleges of the University of York England is","season 3 episode \"Things Become Extinct\" (1992) Native American Ira Wingfeather makes duck flutes out of alder tree branches while Ed Chigliak films. Alder bark and wood (like oak and sweet chestnut) contain tannin and are traditionally used to tan leather. A red dye can also be extracted from the","in many ways was the ideal of the landed gentleman praised not only by ancient Romans but also by later scholars of classical history such as Edward Gibbon or the author of the article on Antoninus Pius in the \"Encyclopædia Britannica\" Eleventh Edition. Some historians have a less positive view","a parking orbit. NASA's Director of Flight Crew Operations during the Apollo program was Donald K. \"Deke\" Slayton one of the original Mercury Seven astronauts who was medically grounded in September 1962 due to a heart murmur. Slayton was responsible for making all Gemini and Apollo crew assignments. Thirty-two astronauts","three papyrus findsone 3rd century BC (\"Flinders Petrie Papyri\" ed. Mahaffy 1891 pl. xxv.) one 2nd century BC (Basil Mandilaras 'A new papyrus fragment of the \"Certamen Homeri et Hesiodi\"' \"Platon\" 42 (1990) 45\u201351) and one 2nd or 3rd century AD (University of Michigan","was mostly live television in its early years but Crosby wanted the same ability to record that he had achieved in radio. 1950's \"The Fireside Theater\" sponsored by Procter & Gamble was his first television production. Mullin had not yet succeeded with videotape so Crosby filmed the series of 26-minute","it to be listed as a combined no-hitter. In 1917 Ruth was little-used as a batter other than for his plate appearances while pitching and hit .325 with two home runs. The entry of the United States into World War I occurred at the start of the season and overshadowed","perhaps a very basic text editor (\"e.g.\" ed) and an assembler program. Using these tools one can write a more complex text editor and a simple compiler for a higher-level language and so on until one can have a graphical IDE and an extremely high-level programming language. Historically bootstrapping also","become the foundation of all future sound efforts to beat the game of blackjack. Ed Thorp would use Baldwin\u2019s hand calculations to verify the basic strategy and later publish (in 1963) his famous book Beat the Dealer. At a casino blackjack table the dealer faces five to seven playing positions","STS-7 on June 18 1983. In 1992 Mae Jemison became the first African American woman to travel in space aboard STS-47. Cosmonaut Alexei Leonov was the first person to conduct an extravehicular activity (EVA) (commonly called a \"spacewalk\") on March 18 1965 on the Soviet Union's Voskhod 2 mission. This","fellow novelists such as Ira Levin Kay Nolte Smith and L. Neil Smith and later writers such as Erika Holzer and Terry Goodkind have been influenced by her. Other artists who have cited Rand as an important influence on their lives and thought include comic book artist Steve Ditko and","especially William of Rubruck's in \"Recueil de voyages\" iv. (Paris 1839) pp. 261 265 279 296 310 353 363 370; Joinville ed. Francisque Michel (1858 etc.) pp. 142 etc.; Jean Pierre Sarrasin in same vol. pp. 254\u2013235; William of Nangis","with the Apollo Lunar Module for lunar flight) after Apollo 1 the first manned flight to be made by Virgil \"Gus\" Grissom Ed White and Roger Chaffee. In December 1966 the second mission was deemed redundant and canceled and Schirra's crew were reassigned as Grissom's backup. Plans for the first","Slayton as the second Apollo crew as backup to Gus Grissom Ed White and Roger Chaffee for the first manned Earth orbital test flight of the block I Command/Service Module designated AS-204 expected to fly in late 1966. This was to be followed by a second block I flight AS-205","emergency disrupts their work schedules and places additional stress on their lives; only a couple of news clips and a narrator's solemn voice deal with the actual problems. \"Houston... We've Got a Problem\" was also the title of an episode of the BBC documentary series \"A Life At Stake\" broadcast","\"-ed\". They are bound morphemes by definition; prefixes and suffixes may be separable affixes. Affixations the linguistic process speakers use form different words by adding morphemes (affixes) at the beginning (prefixation) the middle (infixation) or the end (suffixation) of words. Affixes are divided into many categories depending on their position","\"-ed\". It occurs in several allomorphs depending on its phonological environment assimilating voicing of the previous segment or inserting a schwa when following an alveolar stop: Notice the \"other than\" restrictions above. This is a common fact about allomorphy: if the allomorphy conditions are ordered from most restrictive (in this","14\u201314\u20131 record in those games. The university also participates in the American Collegiate Hockey Association (ACHA) and is billed as the top program within that league. Beginning in 2013 ASU will be a founding member of the new Western Collegiate Hockey League (WCHL). ASU Sun Devils Hockey will compete with","a rock and roll band and provided the new musical genre with a much wider audience. Bill Haley and the Comets were the first rock and roll act to appear on the iconic American musical variety series the Ed Sullivan Show on Sunday August 7 1955 on CBS in a","the Beach Boys guested with Status Quo on a re-recording of \"Fun Fun Fun\" which became a British Top-30 hit. In June the group worked with comedian Jeff Foxworthy on the recording \"Howdy From Maui\" and eventually released \"Stars and Stripes Vol. 1\" in August 1996. The album consisted of","university in Iraq and the second largest in the Arab world. Prior to the Gulf War multiple international schools operated in Baghdad including: Baghdad has always played a significant role in the broader Arab cultural sphere contributing several significant writers musicians and visual artists. Famous Arab poets and singers such","about free-range chickens. He also appeared on \"Would I Lie To You?\" in 2011 where he revealed that he was saved from drowning by Freddy from popular children's series \"Rainbow\" and \"Rod Jane and Freddy\" while on holiday in the Seychelles. In February 2015 Oddie appeared in \"The Keith Lemon","seasons from 2000 to 2001. He had a recurring role as \"Bill Church Jr.\" based upon the character of Morgan Edge from the Superman comics on \"\". From 1996 to 1997 Campbell was a recurring guest star on the show \"Ellen\" as Ed Billik who becomes Ellen's boss when she","B-trees\" suggesting the \"B\" may have originated from Boeing or from Bayer's name. Ed McCreight answered a question on B-tree's name in 2013: Bayer and I were in a lunchtime where we get to think [of] a name. And ... B is you know ... We were working for Boeing","Tonight Show\" spanned three emcees (Steve Allen Jack Paar and Johnny Carson) from the 1950s to the 1970s. One memorable story as recounted to Johnny Carson was about his meeting with then-President Dwight D. Eisenhower. As Capp was ushered into the Oval Office his prosthetic leg suddenly collapsed into a","for the first tour and in 1976 bought a 1974 Gibson Les Paul; he used those two guitars until the late 1970s. He had a Fender Stratocaster with a Bill Lawrence humbucker and Floyd Rose vibrato bridge as backup \"and for a different sound.\" For the \"A Farewell to Kings\"","objectively necessary writing in \"The Guardian\": \"There were no right choices that day only less wrong ones. It was cold it was needful and it was no one's to make except mine\" adding to \"The Guardian\"'s Ed Pilkington: \"There were hundreds of thousands of documents\u2014let's drop the number to 250000","harder than the original and does not allow saucers to be hunted\u2014a common strategy for \"Asteroids\" high scores. It was followed by Owen Rubin's \"Space Duel\" in 1982 featuring colorful geometric shapes and co-op multiplayer gameplay. In 1987's \"Blasteroids\" Ed Rotberg added \"power-ups ship morphing branching levels bosses and the","would be \"Red Beard\" and \"Dodeskaden\"). It is lighter in tone and closer to a conventional period film than \"Yojimbo\" though its story of a power struggle within a samurai clan is portrayed with strongly comic undertones. The film opened on January 1 1962 quickly surpassing \"Yojimbo\"s box office success","name can be roughly translated as \"Canal of the lords\") \"Keizersgracht\" (Emperor's Canal) and \"Prinsengracht\" (Prince's Canal). The fourth and outermost canal is the \"Singelgracht\" which is often not mentioned on maps because it is a collective name for all canals in the outer ring. The Singelgracht should not be","Aleksandra Olsza she lost to Meredith McGrath and Larisa Neiland. In 1996 she started playing under a new coach Ed Nagel. Her six-year tenure with Ed would produce terrific results. At 15 she made her Grand Slam debut when she reached the fourth round of the 1996 US Open only","the last collaboration between Stewart and Hitchcock. In the 2002 \"Sight & Sound\" polls it ranked just behind \"Citizen Kane\" (1941); ten years later in the same magazine critics chose it as the best film ever made. Hitchcock followed \"Vertigo\" with three more successful films which are also recognised as","Ural\u2013Altaic family. In the 1920s G.J. Ramstedt and E.D. Polivanov advocated the inclusion of Korean. However Ramstedt's three-volume \"Einführung in die altaische Sprachwissenschaft\" ('Introduction to Altaic Linguistics') published in 1952\u20131966 rejected the Ural\u2013Altaic hypothesis and again included Korean in Altaic an inclusion followed by most leading Altaicists to date. The","for whatever tactical means required. As with aircraft management the bigger sensor platforms (like the E\u20113D JSTARS ASTOR Nimrod MRA4 Merlin HM Mk 1) have mission-management computers. Police and EMS aircraft also carry sophisticated tactical sensors. While aircraft communications provide the backbone for safe flight the tactical systems are designed","considered AS-201 and AS-202 the first and second flights of the Apollo Block I CSM as Apollo 2 and 3 respectively. The manned flight hiatus allowed work to catch up on the Saturn V and Lunar Module which were encountering their own delays. Apollo 4 flew in November 1967. Apollo","Ravens reverted to the black pants with the purple jerseys versus the Pittsburgh Steelers during NBC's \"Sunday Night Football\" telecast. The Ravens lost to the Steelers 13\u201310. They wore the same look again for their game against the Cleveland Browns on December 24 2011 and they won 20\u201314. They wore","underwrite the project. Teenagers John Lennon and Paul McCartney saw Holly for the first time when he appeared on \"Sunday Night at the London Palladium\". The two had recently met and begun their musical association. They studied Holly's records learned his performance style and lyricism and based their act around","music has also been described as psychedelic rock and acid rock. The band have also been cited as a key influence on genres including stoner rock grunge doom metal and sludge metal. Early on Black Sabbath were influenced by Cream the Beatles Fleetwood Mac Jimi Hendrix John Mayall & the","as a manager scout and special instructor and decided that the honor had been well-earned. Pesky spent 55 years with the Red Sox organization; as a player (1942 1946-1952) minor league manager (1961-1962 1990) major league manager (1963-1964 1980) broadcaster (1969-1974) major league coach (1975-1984) and as a special instructor","change of breakfast show presenter exciting considerable media interest. The initial rota of staff included John Peel and a gaggle of others some transferred from pirate stations such as Keith Skues Ed Stewart Mike Raven David Ryder Jim Fisher Jimmy Young Dave Cash Kenny Everett Simon Dee Terry Wogan Duncan","television series \"Family Guy\" entitled \"3 Acts of God\" Peter Griffin\u2014along with his family and friends\u2014attends a game between the Buffalo Bills and New England Patriots at Gillette Stadium in Foxborough Massachusetts which the Bills win. The episode also features Bills players Mario Williams and C. J. Spiller guest starring","\"Orygynale Cronykil of Scotland\". This says that Áed reigned one year and was killed by his successor Giric in Strathallan and other king lists have the same report. It is uncertain which if any of the \"Prophecy of Berchán\"'s kings should be taken to be Áed. William Forbes Skene presumed","Digital Spy commented: \"Like many failed hardware ventures it still maintains something of a cult following but can only be considered a misstep for Atari.\" In 2006 IGN editor Craig Harris rated the standard Jaguar controller as the worst game controller ever criticizing the unwarranted recycling of the 1980s \"phone","\"Administrative Law Review\" a quarterly publication that is managed and edited by students at the Washington College of Law. Stephen Breyer a U.S. Supreme Court Justice since 1994 divides the history of administrative law in the United States into six discrete periods in his book \"Administrative Law & Regulatory Policy\"","well as to partake of his joys (\"Tan.\" \"Wa-yesheb\" ed. Buber 16). Later he assumed the office of rector in Caesarea the former seat of Hoshaiah Rabbah and established himself at the so-called Kenishta Maradta (Insurrectionary Synagogue; \"Yer. Nazir\" chapter VII 56a; \"Yer. San.\" chapter I 18a; compare Josephus \"B.","of ballet aria ensemble and choral writing combining theatricality scenic splendor and high emotionalism. The work clearly followed in Gluck's footsteps and embraced his reform of serious opera begun with \"Orfeo ed Euridice\" and \"Alceste\". The libretto to \"Armida\" was by Marco Coltellini the house poet for the imperial theaters.","American moved its headquarters to a site at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport which affected up to 1300 jobs. Mayor of New York City Ed Koch described the move as a \"betrayal\" of New York City. American moved to two leased office buildings in Grand Prairie Texas. On January 17 1983","the","\"Doughboys\" the story of two Italian-American brothers in danger of losing their bakery thanks to one brother's gambling debts. The Bronx's gritty urban life had worked its way into the movies even earlier with depictions of the \"Bronx cheer\" a loud flatulent-like sound of disapproval allegedly first made by New","her published fiction. Bermuda's proximity to the United States as well as its origin as part of Virginia means that many aspects of US culture are reflected in or incorporated into Bermudian culture. Many non-Bermudian writers have also made Bermuda their home or have had homes here including A. J.","were less common in postwar blues. The writer Ed Morales claimed that Yoruba mythology played a part in early blues citing Robert Johnson's \"Cross Road Blues\" as a \"thinly veiled reference to Eleggua the orisha in charge of the crossroads\". However the Christian influence was far more obvious. The repertoires","Nobel Prize he adapted and directed for the stage Dostoyesvsky's Demons. The play opened in January 1959 at the Antoine Theatre in Paris. It was a critical success as well as an artistic and technical tour de force: 33 actors 4 hours long 7 sets 24 scenes. The walls could","the BBC archives in 2015. Recorded and released (John Moffatt stars as Poirot unless otherwise indicated): In 2017 Audible released an original audio adaptation of \"Murder on the Orient Express\" starring Tom Conti as Poirot. The cast included Jane Asher as Mrs. Hubbard Jay Benedict as Monsieur Bouc Ruta Gedmintas","in Vermont by the Ed Larkin Old Time Contra Dancers formed by Edwin Loyal Larkin in 1934. The group he founded is still performing teaching the dances and holding monthly open house dances in Tunbridge VT. By then early dance camps retreats and weekends had emerged such as Pinewoods Camp","federal government) to hire militias whose purpose was to protect settlers from the indigenous populations. In later decades the native population was placed in reservations and rancherias which were often small and isolated and without enough natural resources or funding from the government to sustain the populations living on them.","his work \"Semantography\" (1949 2nd ed. 1965 3rd ed. 1978.) It had several names: As the \u201ctourist explosion\u201d took place in the 1960s a number of researchers were looking for new standard symbols to be used at roads stations airports etc. Bliss then adopted the name \"Blissymbolics\" in order that","on violins for the cat themes. Under the pressure of finishing the score however the relationship between the two strained which \u2014 along with further \"creative differences\" on \"The Nightmare Before Christmas\" \u2014 led Burton to use Howard Shore to score his next film \"Ed Wood\". The musician co-orchestrated \"Face","January 1966. He performed the song on television on January 30 1966 on \"The Ed Sullivan Show\" and on other TV shows including \"Hollywood Palace\" and \"The Jimmy Dean Show\". The song was the No. 1 hit in the U.S. for the five weeks spanning March 1966 and the No.","impossibility of decisive action in the Eastern theater.\" Edwin Coddington pointed out the heavy toll on the Army of the Potomac and that \"after the battle Meade no longer possessed a truly effective instrument for the accomplishments of his task. The army needed a thorough reorganization with new commanders and","rewrite the script. Burton who was more interested in directing \"Ed Wood\" later reflected he was taken aback by some of the focus group meetings for \"Batman Forever\" a title which he hated. Producer Peter MacGregor-Scott represented the studio's aim in making a film for the MTV Generation with full","to a franchise in Philadelphia which he christened as the Philadelphia Eagles. After the inaugural 1933 Philadelphia Eagles season Bell married Upton at St. Madeleine Sophie Roman Catholic Church in Philadelphia. Days later his suggestion to bestow the winner of the NFL championship game with the Ed Thorp Memorial Trophy","his 'Garden of the Soul' in the eighteenth century. The Liturgical Movement in the twentieth century saw renewed interest in the Offices of the Breviary and several popular editions were produced containing the vernacular as well as the Latin. The complete pre-Pius X Roman Breviary was translated into English (by","a lack of financing prevented any production. Later Ed Wood revived the project as \"The Monster of the Marshes\". Actual shooting began in October 1954 at the Ted Allan Studios but further money problems quickly halted the production. The required funds were supplied by a rancher named Donald McCoy who","form of Scottish Acadian and Irish folk music popular amongst Irish French and Scottish immigrants to Canada's Atlantic Provinces (Newfoundland Nova Scotia New Brunswick and Prince Edward Island). Like the southern United States and Appalachia all four regions are of heavy British Isles stock and rural; as such the development","drug dependence was noted by producers and the offers eventually dwindled to a few parts in Ed Wood's low-budget movies\u2014most notably \"Plan 9 from Outer Space\". Lugosi who was married five times and had one son Bela George Lugosi died of a heart attack on August 16 1956. Lugosi the","especially often. Black's 10th Ed. definition 2 differentiates \"common law\" jurisdictions and legal systems from \"civil law\" or \"code\" jurisdictions.<ref name=\"GarnerUsageDef1\"/ Common law systems place great weight on court decisions which are considered \"law\" with the same force of law as statutes\u2014for nearly a millennium common law courts have had","\"diddly squat\" which means \"absolutely nothing\". On November 20 1955 Diddley appeared on the popular television program \"The Ed Sullivan Show\". When someone on the show's staff overheard him casually singing \"Sixteen Tons\" in the dressing room he was asked to perform the song on the show. Seeing \"Bo Diddley\"","dedicated to the oeuvre of romantic Danish sculptor Bertel Thorvaldsen who lived and worked in Rome; the Cisternerne museum dedicated to modern glass art located in former cisterns that come complete with stalactites formed by the changing water levels; and the Ordrupgaard Museum located just north of Copenhagen which features","now rare. Some publications omit the capture symbol altogether so that exd5 would be rendered simply as \"ed\". If a pawn moves to its last rank achieving promotion the piece chosen is indicated after the move for example e1Q or e1=Q. Castling is indicated by the special notations 0-0 for","in 2009. Brubeck's children often joined him in concerts and in the recording studio. Brubeck believed that what he saw during his time as a soldier in World War II contradicted the Ten Commandments and the war evoked a spiritual awakening. He became a Catholic in 1980 shortly after completing","as Hahamongna Watershed Park). Ed worked for the San Gabriel California-based Wham-O Corporation and is credited for pioneering the modern era of disc sports. Ed Founded \"The International Frisbee Association (IFA)\" and began establishing competitive standards for various sports using the Frisbee such as Distance MTA TRC Accuracy Freestyle and","on the Letterman show. The film won best documentary and jury awards at the Cinequest Film Festival. Steve Mazan published a same-titled book (full title \"Dying to Do Letterman: Turning Someday into Today\") about his own saga. Letterman appeared as a guest on CNN's \"Piers Morgan Tonight\" on May 29","up to section 144 and also continues to add new revelations from their president Frederick Niels Larsen. \"Remnant\" movement a spiritual movement in schism with the LDS Church published an online \"Restoration\" edition of the Doctrine and Covenants in","as late as the 19th century. Verbs have a past non-past and infinitive form past and present participle forms and a passive and an imperative. Verbs can be divided into two main classes the strong/irregular verbs and the regular/weak verbs. The regular verbs are also divided into two classes those","Elfman immediately developed a rapport with Burton and has gone on to score all but three of Burton's major studio releases: \"Ed Wood\" which was under production while Elfman and Burton were having a serious disagreement \"\" and most recently \"Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children\". Elfman also provided the","on a new meaning in 1984. As in 1968 the Tigers' next World Series season would be preceded by a disappointing second-place finish as the 1983 Tigers won 92 games to finish six games behind the Baltimore Orioles in the AL East. The first major news of the 1984 season","in glossing if they follow a convention of giving preferred pronunciation first or as if they give common pronunciation first (and if they have some way to determine this). (1990:64) Within Carr's sample most American dictionaries gloss while most British ones gloss and have been slower to add the rectification.","French Revolution the Cult of the Supreme Being was the state religion of France. Kant's identification with deism is controversial. An argument in favor of Kant as deist is Alan Wood's \"Kant's Deism\" in P. Rossi and M. Wreen (eds.) \"Kant's Philosophy of Religion Re-examined\" (Bloomington: Indiana University Press 1991);","The DSM-IV-TR (4th. ed.) contains specific codes that allows for comparisons between the DSM and the ICD manuals which may not systematically match because revisions are not simultaneously coordinated. While the DSM has been praised for standardizing psychiatric diagnostic categories and criteria it has also generated controversy and criticism. Critics","famous as a double-play combination by Franklin P. Adams' poem \"Baseball's Sad Lexicon\". The poem first appeared in the July 18 1910 edition of the \"New York Evening Mail\". Mordecai \"Three-Finger\" Brown Jack Taylor Ed Reulbach Jack Pfiester and Orval Overall were several key pitchers for the Cubs during this","Philosophy emerged in 1993. Singles \"Dreamer\" and \"Autumn Leaves\" (1994) were both minor hits but the album did not chart. \"Autumn Leaves\" had strings recorded at Abbey Road with a 30-piece string section and an arrangement by film composer Ed Shearmur. The leader of the string section was Simon Jeffes","Cleveland won the Cup four games to one. It was around this time that Young added what he called a \"slow ball\" to his pitching repertoire to reduce stress on his arm. The pitch today is called a changeup. In 1896 Young lost a no-hitter with two outs in the","to the World Series however the Reds pitching staff had run out of gas and the veteran Baltimore Orioles led by Hall of Fame third baseman and World Series MVP Brooks Robinson beat the Reds in five games. After the disastrous season (the only season of the 1970s during which","founded in 1915. Consisting mostly of schools from Texas the conference saw back-to-back national champions with Texas Christian University (TCU) in 1938 and Texas A&M in 1939. The Pacific Coast Conference (PCC) a precursor to the Pac-12 Conference (Pac-12) had its own back-to-back champion in the University of Southern California","in a pavilion named after the assassinated civil rights leader titled \"Man Emerging from the Darkness of Poverty and Ignorance into the Light of a Better World.\" One year after Alston's death in 1977 a group of artists and historians including the renowned painter and collagist Romare Bearden and art","Dance Crash. Other live-music genre which are part of the city's cultural heritage include Chicago blues Chicago soul jazz and gospel. The city is the birthplace of house music a very popular form of Electronic Dance Music and industrial music and is the site of an influential hip-hop scene. In","and Canada to promote the album with Eddie Rayner on keyboards. Multi-instrumentalist Mark Hart who would eventually become a full band member replaced Rayner in January 1989. After the tour Finn fired Seymour from the band. Music journalist Ed Nimmervoll claimed that Seymour's temporary departure was because Finn blamed him","commercial cryogenic processing industry was founded in 1966 by Ed Busch. With a background in the heat treating industry Busch founded a company in Detroit called CryoTech in 1966 which merged with 300 Below in 1999 to become the world's largest and oldest commercial cryogenic processing company. Busch originally experimented","Ireland took advantage of their absence to destroy the longphorts along the northern coasts of Ireland. Áed Findliath was married to Causantín's sister Máel Muire. She later married Áed's successor Flann Sinna. Her death is recorded in 913. In 870 Amlaíb and Ívarr attacked Dumbarton Rock where the River Leven","of Fortriu and his brother Bran Constantín's nephews together with the king of Dál Riata Áed mac Boanta \"and others almost innumerable\" were killed. These deaths led to a period of instability lasting a decade as several families attempted to establish their dominance in Pictland. By around 848 Kenneth MacAlpin","of paintings along with high-end art objects (such as original water colors bronze figurines and ceramic tiles) were produced based on designs by Barks. During the summer of 1994 and until his death Carl Barks & his studio personally assigned Peter Reichelt a museum exhibition producer from Mannheim Germany as","Strategic Framework\" in Cyberpower and National Security FD Kramer S. Starr L.K. Wentz (ed.) National Defense University Press Washington (DC) 2009; see also Mayer M. Chiarugi I. De Scalzi N. https://www.academia.edu/14336129/International_Politics_in_the_Digital_Age. The most recent draft definition is the following: Cyberspace is a global and dynamic domain (subject to constant change)","review he describes the finale as \"one of the best in television history\" referring to it as a \"widely revered\" ending that \"still sparks fan conversation resonating with viewers 15 years on.\" He closes by writing \"\"Cowboy Bebop\" ends with a bang.\" In the 1999 Anime Grand Prix awards for","Catherine O'Hara Michael McKean Parker Posey Bob Balaban Jane Lynch John Michael Higgins Harry Shearer Jennifer Coolidge Ed Begley Jr. and Fred Willard. Guest and Levy write backgrounds for each of the characters and notecards for each specific scene outlining the plot and then leave it up to the actors","board established an office of the CEO with a triumvirate of directors; Rosen as interim CEO and vice chairmen Frank P. Doyle and Robert Ted Enloe III. They began \"cleaning house\" as shortly afterward many of Pfeiffer's top executives resigned or were pushed out including John J. Rando Earl L.","(fr. 61137 ed. V. Rose) and Pollux (Onamastikon IX.83) the first issuer of coins was Hermodike of Kyme The earliest coins are mostly associated with Iron Age Anatolia especially with the kingdom of Lydia. Early electrum coins were not standardized in weight and in their earliest stage may have been","own voice. Criswell appeared in the movies of writer and director Ed Wood. After Criswell's death his longtime friend Paul Marco released Criswell's song \"Someone Walked Over My Grave\" on a 7\" record which was recorded by Criswell as a memorial song that he wanted released posthumously. Criswell's predictions were","the letterer at the last minute. The character first as agent Steve Rogers and later after resuming his identity as Captain America appeared as a regular character throughout the 2010\u20132013 \"Avengers\" series from issue #1 (July 2010) through its final issue #34 (January 2013). The character appeared as agent Steve","the astral plane. There he can use his powers to create objects control his surroundings and even control and destroy the astral forms of others. He cannot project this form over long distances. \"Uncanny X-Men\" writer Ed Brubaker has claimed that after being de-powered by the Scarlet Witch and then","become abundantly clear. They also contend that those who believe in paranormal phenomena do so for merely psychological reasons. According to David G. Myers (\"Psychology\" 8th ed.): The search for a valid and reliable test of clairvoyance has resulted in thousands of experiments. One controlled procedure has invited 'senders' to","IV 1976). The canons and decrees of the council have been published very often and in many languages (for a large list consult \"British Museum Catalogue\" under \"Trent Council of\"). The first issue was by Paulus Manutius (Rome 1564). The best Latin editions are by Judocus Le Plat (Antwerp 1779)","Smith of the Dallas Cowboys surpassed it. Payton's career and personality would capture the hearts of Bear fans who called him \"Sweetness\". He died from a rare form of liver cancer in 1999 at the age of 45. On November 1 1983 a day after the death of George Halas","in charge here!\" Harlan Coben ed. \"The Best American Mystery Stories: 2011\" includes \"The End of the String.\" Alan Furst","would hear his appeal rendering the judgement of the Florida Supreme Court final. Ed Fagan a New York lawyer who prominently represented Holocaust victims against Swiss banks was disbarred in New York (in 2008) and New Jersey (in 2009) for failing to pay court fines and fees; and for misappropriating","began his professional career in the Winston Cup in 1975 making his debut at Charlotte Motor Speedway in North Carolina in the longest race on the Cup circuit\u2014the 1975 World 600. He drove the No. 8 Ed Niegre Dodge Charger and finished 22nd in that race just one spot ahead","statue was made for this award because Hunter's son refused to hand over the one his father had received. In 2003 Christopher Trumbo mounted an Off-Broadway play based on his father's letters called \"Trumbo: Red White and Blacklisted\" in which a wide variety of actors played his father during the","a new corporate sponsor for their stadium ever since. The altitude has also been attributed as part of the team's home success. The stadium displays multiple references to the stadium's location of above sea level including a prominent mural just outside the visiting team's locker room. The team training facility","of his series had been published. \"Concrete Mathematics: A Foundation for Computer Science\" 2nd ed. which originated with an expansion of the mathematical preliminaries section of Volume 1 of \"TAoCP\" has also been published. Bill Gates has praised the difficulty of the subject matter in \"The Art of Computer Programming\"","teams and scarred by the notorious Disco Demolition Night promotion in 1979. Bill Veeck was forced to sell the team. He rejected offers from ownership groups intent on moving the club to Denver eventually agreeing to sell the club to Ed DeBartolo who was the only prospective owner who promised","his partner Paul Hilal were then elected. The reconstituted board having named Stephen Tobias (former vice president and chief operating officer of Norfolk Southern Railroad) as interim CEO initiated a search for a new CEO eventually settling on E. Hunter Harrison former President of CN Rail on 29 June 2012.","being stereotyped was not greatly improved in subsequent issues. Its imperfections even within the limited field it covers may be judged by the aid of Eberhard Nestle's appendix","numbers as programs computing approximations. One example","from Columbia.","the mainstream availability of \"Cannibal Holocaust\" Jeffrey Sconce rejects definitions of cult films based on controversy and excess as they've now become meaningless. Cult films have influenced such diverse industries as cosmetics music videos and fashion. Cult films have shown up in less expected places; as a sign of his","we typically need several datum points. A regional ellipsoidal datum like ED 50 can be fixed by prescribing the undulation of the geoid and the deflection of the vertical in \"one\" datum point in this case the Helmert Tower in Potsdam. However an overdetermined ensemble of datum points can also be","any new albums for five years after 1982's \"Gone Troppo\" received little notice from critics or the public. During this period he made several guest appearances including a 1985 performance at a tribute to Carl Perkins titled \"\". In March 1986 he made a surprise appearance during the finale of","collaborating with Charles Jennens and experimenting with three trombones a carillon and extra-large military kettledrums (from the Tower of London) to be sure \"...it will be most excessive noisy\". \"Saul\" and \"Israel in Egypt\" both from 1739 head the list of great mature oratorios in which the da capo aria","by Marin Hopper. In 1960\u201367 before the making of \"Easy Rider\" Hopper shot a selection of groundbreaking images that is seen as telling a remarkable history of art artist places and events of that time. \"Dennis Hopper: Photographs 1961\u20131967\" was published in February 2011 by Taschen. Hopper began working as","\"prohibit United States assistance to the Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia until the Ethiopian government returns all property of United States citizens.\" The bill was introduced by Rohrabacher at the behest of Gebremedhin Berhane a former Eritrean national and friend of the Rohrabacher family after his business was expropriated by","for $1205000 (£809524/\u20ac1109182) at Christie\u2019s auction rooms New York making it the third highest auction price achieved for an American literary manuscript. Personnel from the \"American Pie\" album sessions were retained for his third album \"Don McLean\" including producer Ed Freeman Rob Rothstein on bass and Warren Bernhardt on piano.","April 862. The Chronicle notes: The laws of Áed Find are entirely lost but it has been assumed that like the laws attributed to Giric and Constantine II (Causantín mac Áeda) these related to the church and in particular to granting the privileges and immunities common elsewhere. The significance of","patents on the original technology lapsed in the early 1980s new receivers were quickly built by a number of companies. In particular Aktieselskabet Dansk Philips ('Danish Philips' \"ap\") introduced receivers that could be purchased outright and were much smaller and easier to use than the current Decca counterparts. The \"ap\"","the Battle of the Bogside. The Civil Rights movement had also been very active in the city. In the early 1970s the city was heavily militarised and there was widespread civil unrest. Several districts in the city constructed barricades to control access and prevent the forces of the state from","less commonly \"twin-neck\") guitars enable guitarists to play both guitar and bass guitar or more commonly both a six-string and a twelve-string. In the mid-1960s one of the first players to use this type of guitar was Paul Revere & the Raiders' guitarist Drake Levin. Another early user was John","while the group is distracted by Henrietta and possesses Ed who declares that the spirit will kill them all by sunrise; Ash dismembers him with an axe. The spirit of Professor Knowby trapped in a hellish limbo-like dimension by the evil spirit briefly contacts the group and instructs them to","In addition to providing senior leadership with time-critical information on the actions of enemy forces E-3 controllers assisted in 38 of the 41 air-to-air kills recorded during the conflict. NATO E-3s joined their USAF colleagues for joint air defense as part of Operation Eagle Assist in the wake of the","a default installation of macOS","sold out in 15 minutes. Billed as \"Jeff Lynne's ELO\" Lynne and Tandy were backed by the Take That/Gary Barlow band from the Children in Need concert led by Mike Stevens and the BBC Concert Orchestra. The moniker came out from Lynne as a response to ELO tribute and imitation","Niro as Al Capone and the Oscar-winning Sean Connery was released in 1987. Morricone's score for \"The Untouchables\" resulted in his third nomination for Academy Award for Best Original Score. In a 2001 interview with \"The Guardian\" Morricone stated that he had good experiences with De Palma: \"De Palma is","last line). In return ed lists all lines from first to last. These lines are ended with dollar signs so that white space at the end of lines is clearly visible. Once the empty line is inserted in line 2 the line which reads \"This is line number two.\" is","of Christian democracy in general. The ED had been somewhat further from the political centre and less pro-European than the EPP. Largely isolated even hardline eurosceptics like Margaret Thatcher conceded that the British Conservatives could not be effectively heard from such a peripheral group. On 1 May 1992 the ED","in SEM have analytical capabilities and can provide several items of data at each pixel. Examples are the Energy-dispersive X-ray spectroscopy (EDS) detectors used in elemental analysis and Cathodoluminescence microscope (CL) systems that analyse the intensity and spectrum of electron-induced luminescence in (for example) geological specimens. In SEM systems using","and Danish Conservative People's Party tried to maintain a group of their own called the \"European Democrats\" (ED) but lack of support and the problems inherent in maintaining a small group forced ED's collapse in the 1990s and its members crossed the floor to join the EPP Group. The parties","first spacewalk made by Soviet cosmonaut Alexey Leonov was commemorated in 1965 with several Eastern Bloc stamps (see Alexey Leonov#Stamps). Since the Soviet Union did not publish details of the Voskhod spacecraft at the time the spaceship depiction in the stamps was purely fictional. The U.S. Post Office issued a","also a visit-ending foul if the cue ball touches any ball that is ultimately pocketed more than once on the same shot (this is colloquially known as a \"double kiss\") even if the player called for the ball to enter that particular pocket on the shot. The ed balls are","line editor \"ED\". Microsoft acquired 86-DOS and sold it as MS-DOS so Edlin was included in v1.0\u2013v5.0 of MS-DOS after which the only editor included was the new full-screen MS-DOS Editor in v6.0\u2013v8.0. Early Windows versions ran on top of the later versions of MS-DOS so Edlin was typically not","better against \"D\" than does \"D\". So here although E(\"C\" \"C\") = E(\"D\" \"C\") it is also the case that E(\"C\"\"D\") > E(\"D\"\"D\"). As a result \"C\" is an ESS. Even if a game has pure strategy Nash equilibria it might be that none of those pure strategies are ESS.","Patrol later the \"Galactic Patrol\". The feeding of the Overlords of Delgon upon the life-force of their victims at the end of chapter five of \"Galactic Patrol\" seems a clear allusion to chapter 29 of \"The Moon Pool\" Merritt's account of the Taithu and the power of love in chapters","Enrico Fermi Otto Stern Wolfgang Pauli Max Born Willis E. Lamb Eugene Wigner Richard P. Feynman Hans A. Bethe Murray Gell-Mann Abdus Salam Steven Weinberg Norman F. Ramsey Frank Wilczek David Wineland. Fields Medal-winning physicist Ed Witten has an Erdős number of 3. Computational biologist Lior Pachter has an Erdős","Parliament's factions became political parties (later becoming the Tories and Whigs) with competing views and varying abilities to influence the decisions of their monarchs. In the early decades of the 20th century the Whig school was the dominant theoretical view. They explained the Civil War as resulting from a centuries-long","as quoted in Wood biography \"Nightmare of Ecstasy\" (1992) she first met Ed Wood when she attended a casting call with a friend for a movie he was supposed to direct called \"Behind Locked Doors\"; it has also been stated that they met in a restaurant. She became his girlfriend","owed much to African American sources achieved the cultural acknowledgement and commercial success largely denied his black peers. Into the 21st century the notion that Presley had \"stolen\" black music still found adherents. Notable among African American entertainers expressly rejecting this view was Jackie Wilson who argued \"A lot of","one of characters: \"Hew the Tintmaster\" published in the anthology \"Swords & Dark Magic: The New Sword and Sorcery\" ed. Jonathan Strahan and Lou Anders (Eos 2010 pp. 323\u2013362). WorldCat contributing libraries report holding all four books in French Spanish and (in omnibus edition) Hebrew translations; and report holding \"The Dying","myself this is it I want a piece of that.\" Following his \"Ed Sullivan\" appearance Jones signed a contract with Ward Sylvester of Screen Gems (then the television division of Columbia Pictures). A pair of American television appearances followed as Jones received screen time in episodes of \"Ben Casey\" and","scripts for various other projects including a pair of ill-fated Stephen King adaptations. In 1984 Morris married Julia Sheehan whom he had met in Wisconsin while researching Ed Gein and other serial killers. He would later recall an early conversation with Julia: \"I was talking to a mass murderer but","five musing that the film was \"energetic original and icky\" and concluding that Raimi's \"splat-stick debut is a tight little horror classic that deserves its cult reputation despite the best efforts of the censors.\" \"Slant Magazine\"s Ed Gonzales compared the film to Dario Argento's work citing Raimi's \"unnerving wide angle","of James Stewart\". Writing for the \"Irish Examiner\" Ed Power said that while the \"meme-worthy\" Dougal and Jack received the most attention at the time of broadcast Morgan's straight-man performance was the highlight in retrospect. Morgan attributed the show's success to the appealing double-act formed by Dougal \"an idiot who","editors and publishers traditionally have themselves come from and participate in science fiction fandom from Ray Bradbury and Harlan Ellison to Patrick Nielsen Hayden and Toni Weisskopf. Ed Brubaker was a fan of the \"Captain America\" comics as a kid and was so upset that Bucky Barnes was killed off","19th century until the German horn maker Ed. Kruspe (namesake of his family's brass instrument firm) produced a prototype of the \"double horn\" in 1897. The double horn also combines two instruments into a single frame: the original horn in F and a second higher horn keyed in B. By","male Flamenco dancers performing on stage worldwide and on television including the Ed Sullivan Show and reviving the art almost singlehandedly. Modern flamenco is a highly technical dance style requiring years of study. The emphasis for both male and female performers is on lightning-fast footwork performed with absolute precision. In","DAFIF 0413 ed 7 Amdt. No. 3 (Nov 2003) and as DIA 65-18 (Defense Intelligence Agency 1994 \"Geopolitical Data Elements and Related Features\"). The FIPS standard includes both the codes for independent countries (similar but sometimes incompatible with the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 standard) and the codes for top-level subdivision of","of the film entitled \"Glen & Glenda\" was released the same year as \"Ed Wood\" and featured much the same script as the original film as well as explicit scenes. In the 2004 horror comedy film \"Seed of Chucky\" main characters Chucky and Tiffany spend the duration of the film","to \"Plan 9 from Outer Space\" by Ed Wood. Wood is also awarded the title of Worst Director of All Time judged by the authors. Raquel Welch is judged the Worst Actress of All Time over nominees including Candice Bergen and Mamie van Doren. Richard Burton is judged as the","a couple of years ago when the Arctic could lose all of its ice then I would have said 2100 or 2070 maybe. But now I think that 2030 is a reasonable estimate.\" In 2012 during another record low Peter Wadhams of Cambridge University predicted a possible final collapse of","James Taylor Pearl Jam Foo Fighters and Dead & Company. Polartec Big Air At Fenway is the first big air snowboarding and skiing competition that was held on February 11\u201312 2016. This is event was part of the U.S. Grand Prix Tour and the International Ski Federation's World Tour. Notable","students from pre-kindergarten through twelfth grade and was founded in 1960. An Ulster History Circle blue plaque commemorating him is located in Bishop Street Within city of Derry. \"Bishop Berkeley's","left hand drive. One of these examples is currently on display at the Petersen Automotive Museum. In an effort to develop a car with better aerodynamics and lighter weight it was decided to retain the 7-liter engine but redesign the rest of the car and ditch the Mk.I/Mk.II chassis. In","verbs whose present tense looks like the past tense of other verbs and which is the origin of most modal verbs in English; a past-tense ending (in the so-called \"weak verbs\" marked with \"-ed\" in English) that appears variously as /d/ or /t/ often assumed to be derived from the","of the twentieth century. As a literary agent he represented some 200 writers and he served as agent of record for many long-lost authors thereby allowing their work to be reprinted in anthologies. He was Ed Wood's \"illiterary\" agent. Ackerman was credited with nurturing and even inspiring the careers of","Ed Godziszewski two 13-minute documentaries titled \"Godzilla Story Development\" and \"Making of the Godzilla Suit\" and a 12-page essay booklet that was written by Steve Ryfle. This release also restores the original ending credits of the American film which until recently were thought to have been lost. In the fall","their GAF civilian counterparts. Ghana Armed Forces has two military hospitals the Kumasi Military Hospital in Kumasi and the 37 Military Hospital in Accra. The 37 Military Hospital which has recently undergone expansion and its facilities include a twenty-four-hour Emergency Department (ED). The GAF main military hospital is also accredited","and trucks globally; in 2010 it sold 8.39 million. Mary Barra is the chief executive officer (CEO) and chairman of the board and Daniel Ammann is the president. The head of design Edward T. Welburn was the first African American to lead a global automotive design organization and the highest","67% approval rating from critics based on 6 reviews with an average score of 5.5/10. Ed Godziszewski of Monster Zero said \"Rushed into production but a few months after \"Godzilla vs. King Ghidorah\" this film is unable to hide its hurried nature [but] effects-wise the film makes up for the","only became public in the last decades of the twentieth century in his collected works. This included reworked versions of the \"Doctrine of Science\" (\"Wissenschaftslehre\" 1810\u20131813) \"The Science of Rights\" (\"Das System der Rechtslehre\" 1812) and \"The Science of Ethics as Based on the Science of Knowledge\" (\"Das System der","(U.S). \"Godzilla vs. Biollante\" has received very positive reviews with praise for the story music and visuals. Ed Godziszewski of Monster Zero said the film is \"by no means a classic\" but felt that \"for the first time in well over 20 years a [Godzilla] script is presented with some","killing 500 people and destroying 75% of the nutmeg trees. A new political party the Grenada National Party led by Herbert Blaize contested the 1957 general election and with the cooperation of elected independent members took control of the Legislative Council from the Grenada United Labour Party. In 1958 the","the orchestra and playing the piano solos. Gershwin recorded excerpts from \"Porgy and Bess\" with members of the original cast conducting the orchestra from the keyboard; he even announced the selections and the names of the performers. In 1935 RCA Victor asked him to supervise recordings of highlights from \"Porgy","and Leader of the Labour Party. He was succeeded as Prime Minister by David Cameron and as Leader of the Labour Party by Ed Miliband. Later Brown played a prominent role in the campaign surrounding the Scottish independence referendum of 2014 galvanising support behind maintaining the union. In 2017 Brown","(EDS) associated with narcolepsy. GHB has been shown to reliably increase slow-wave sleep and decrease the tendency for REM sleep in modified multiple sleep latency tests GHB is a central nervous system depressant used as an intoxicant although it produces a stimulant effect at lower doses due to its action","such as the \"-ed\" ending that marks the past tense of English regular verbs but can also entail stem modifications such as ablaut as found as in the strong verbs in English and other Germanic languages or reduplication. Multi-word tense constructions often involve auxiliary verbs or clitics. Examples which combine","(1966) quickly moved from its fanzine roots to become one of the first rock music \"prozines\" with paid advertisers and newsstand distribution. \"Bomp\" remained a fanzine featuring many writers who would later become prominent music journalists including Lester Bangs Greil Marcus Ken Barnes Ed Ward Dave Marsh Mike Saunders and","sinning against reason or common sense\". Algarotti's ideas influenced both Gluck and his librettist Calzabigi writing their Orfeo ed Euridice. In 1762 Algarotti moved to Pisa where he died of tuberculosis. Frederick the Great who several times needed","the relationships between the Fréchet limit spaces and topological spaces. The name Hausdorff is found throughout mathematics. Among others these concepts were named after him: In the universities of Bonn and Greifswald these things were named in his honor: Besides these in Bonn there is the Hausdorffstraße (Hausdorff Street) where","director Tim Burton's biopic of Wood's life \"Ed Wood\" (1994) a critically acclaimed film starring Johnny Depp as Wood that earned two Academy Awards. Wood's father Edward Sr. worked for the U.S. Postal Service as a custodian and his family relocated numerous times around the United States. Eventually they settled","as requested by him his ashes were molded into memorial discs and given to family and close friends and sold to benefit The Ed Headrick Memorial Museum. Enthusiasts founded the International Frisbee Association in 1967 and the next year the Frisbee Golf Tournament began in Kalamazoo. Also in 1967 some","songs like \"Catholic Girls\" (a riposte to the controversies of \"Jewish Princess\") \"Lucille Has Messed My Mind Up\" and the title track as well as extended live-recorded guitar improvisations combined with a studio backup band dominated by drummer Vinnie Colaiuta (with whom Zappa had a particularly good musical rapport) adopting","The film bombed at the box office earning a meagre $2.5 million against a budget of $10 million and once again aggravated Coppola's financial troubles. In 1984 Coppola directed the Robert Evans-produced \"The Cotton Club\". The film was nominated for several awards including Golden Globes for Best Director and Best","of the total US GDP. The study was conducted using a methodology developed by the World Intellectual Property Organization. The study found that fair use dependent industries are directly responsible for more than eighteen percent of US economic growth and nearly eleven million American jobs. \"As the United States economy","a high level of conservation and access as well as to transfer the considerable financial burden of maintaining the archive the Frank Lloyd Wright Foundation partnered with the Museum of Modern Art and the Avery Architectural and Fine Arts Library to move the archive's content to New York. Wright's furniture","for a touchdown.\" The 1906 Iowa game was refereed by one of the top football officials in the country West Point's Lt. Horatio B. \"Stuffy\" Hackett. He had officiated games involving the top Eastern powers that year. Hackett who would become a member of the football rules committee in December","to the critic \"Dear Miss Van Horne: You bitch. Sincerely Ed Sullivan.\") Sullivan had little acting ability; in 1967 20 years after his show's debut \"Time\" magazine asked \"What exactly is Ed Sullivan's talent?\" His mannerisms on camera were so awkward that some viewers believed the host suffered from Bell's","as \"naïve\" and \"Noël\". Written accents are also used occasionally in poetry and scripts for dramatic performances to indicate that a certain normally unstressed syllable in a word should be stressed for dramatic effect or to keep with the metre of the poetry. This use is frequently seen in archaic","colorimetry (German: \"\"). He spent quite a few years of his life working on these questions and published a series of papers in this area: His work on the psychology of color perception follows the step of Newton Maxwell and von Helmholtz in the same area. Some of these paper","Schools were founded on the philosophy of essentialist E.D. Hirsch. Although it is difficult to maintain a pure and strict essentialist-only curriculum these schools have the central aim of establishing a common knowledge base for all citizens. To do so they follow a nationwide content-specific and teacher-centered curriculum. The Core","Brown and the Case of the Treasure Hunt\" or send in a 3\" by 5\" index card with the solution and the contestant's contact information. Ed Brubaker and Sean Phillips' \"Criminal: Last of the Innocent\" graphic novel features a reference to Encyclopedia Brown with a grown-up analogue of Encyclopedia featured","Baker Ed Hulton and Alan Weston. They first came to wide public attention by inventing modern day bungee jumping by making the first modern jumps on 1 April 1979 from the Clifton Suspension Bridge Bristol England. They followed the Clifton Bridge effort with a jump from the Golden Gate Bridge","upon the young Galileo his eldest son (cf. Coelho ed. \"Music and Science in the Age of Galileo Galilei\") arguably one of the most influential empiricists in history. Vincenzo through his tuning research found the underlying truth at the heart of the misunderstood myth of 'Pythagoras' hammers' (the square of","Mouse King\" and the ballet \"Coppélia\" with music by Delibes is based on two eerie Hoffmann stories. Hoffmann also influenced 19th-century musical opinion directly through his music criticism. His reviews of Beethoven's Symphony No. 5 in C minor Op. 67 (1808) and other important works set new literary standards for","work representing his scholarly method and conservative conclusions was \"The Authorship of the Fourth Gospel: External Evidences\" (1880; 2nd ed. by J. H. Thayer with other essays 1889) originally a lecture. In spite of the compression due to its form this work was up to that time probably the ablest","mineral oil considered non-toxic by New York state used to cool electrical equipment and prevent electrical discharges \u2013 into the East River from a tank. The National Response Center received a report of the spill at 1:30pm that day although the public did not learn of the spill for two","estimated time window is 530\u2013100 BC. Most probably came from tombs. Many bear inscriptions naming the persons depicted in the scenes so they are often called picture bilinguals. In 1979 Massimo Pallottino then president of the \"Istituto di Studi Etruschi ed Italici\" initiated the Committee of the \"Corpus Speculorum Etruscanorum\""],"title":["Hit by pitch","Bill Gates","1903 World Series","Braille","Alan Kay","AWK","Akkadian Empire","Alcuin","Alder","Antoninus Pius","Apollo program","Alcidamas","Bing Crosby","Babe Ruth","Bootstrapping","Blackjack","Astronaut","Ayn Rand","André de Longjumeau","Apollo 7","Apollo 9","Apollo 13","Affix","Allomorph","Arizona State University","Bill Haley","The Beach Boys","Baghdad","Bill Oddie","Bruce Campbell","B-tree","Al Capp","Alex Lifeson","Adrian Lamo","Asteroids (video game)","Akira Kurosawa","Amsterdam","Anna Kournikova","Alfred Hitchcock","Altaic languages","Avionics","Apollo 1","Baltimore Ravens","Buddy Holly","Black Sabbath","Boston Red Sox","BBC Radio 1","Buffalo Bills","Áed mac Cináeda","Atari Jaguar","Administrative law","Abbahu","Antonio Salieri","American Airlines","Belgium","The Bronx","Bermuda","Blues","Albert Camus","Hercule Poirot","Contra dance","California","Blissymbols","Batman Returns","Ballad of the Green Berets","Battle of Gettysburg","Batman Forever","Bert Bell","Roman Breviary","Bride of the Monster","Country music","Bela Lugosi","Common law","Bo Diddley","Copenhagen","Chess","Dave Brubeck","Disc golf","David Letterman","Doctrine and Covenants","Danish language","Danny Elfman","Detroit Tigers","Daoism\u2013Taoism romanization issue","Deism","Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders","Chicago Cubs","Coldcut","Cy Young","Cincinnati Reds","College football","Charles Alston","Chicago","Crowded House","Cryogenics","Causantín mac Cináeda","Constantine II of Scotland","Carl Barks","Cyberspace","Cowboy Bebop","Christopher Guest","Compaq","Coin","The Amazing Criswell","Captain America","Professor X","Clairvoyance","Council of Trent","Chicago Bears","Charles McCarry","Disbarment","Dale Earnhardt","Dalton Trumbo","Denver Broncos","Donald Knuth","Chicago White Sox","Canadian Pacific Railway","Constantin von Tischendorf","Computable number","Columbia University","Cult film","Geodesy","George Harrison","George Frideric Handel","Dennis Hopper","Dana Rohrabacher","Don McLean","Domnall mac Ailpín","Decca Navigator System","Derry","Electric guitar","Evil Dead II","Boeing E-3 Sentry","Editor war","Electric Light Orchestra","Ennio Morricone","Ed (text editor)","European Democrats","Electron microscope","European People's Party group","Extravehicular activity","Eight-ball","Edlin","Evolutionarily stable strategy","E. E. Smith","Erdős number","English Civil War","Dolores Fuller","Elvis Presley","Dying Earth","Davy Jones (musician)","Errol Morris","The Evil Dead","Father Dougal McGuire","Fandom","French horn","Flamenco","List of FIPS country codes","Glen or Glenda","The Golden Turkey Awards","Global warming controversy","Fenway Park","George Berkeley","Ford GT40","Germanic languages","Forrest J Ackerman","Godzilla (1954 film)","Ghana Armed Forces","General Motors","Godzilla vs. Mothra","Johann Gottlieb Fichte","Godzilla vs. Biollante","History of Grenada","George Gershwin","Gordon Brown","Gamma-Hydroxybutyric acid","Grammatical tense","Fanzine","Francesco Algarotti","Felix Hausdorff","Ed Wood","Frisbee","Frank Zappa","Francis Ford Coppola","Fair use","Frank Lloyd Wright","Forward pass","Ed Sullivan","English orthography","Erwin Schrödinger","Educational essentialism","Encyclopedia Brown","Extreme sport","Empiricism","E. T. A. Hoffmann","Ezra Abbot","East River","Etruscan language"],"word":"ed","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3806","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3747","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3865","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3933","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1449","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1456","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1566","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1408","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1383","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1256","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1461","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1580","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4010","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4173","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4211","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3981","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=664","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=339","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1758","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1773","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1774","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1770","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1835","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1832","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1859","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4528","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4477","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4492","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4622","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4670","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4674","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3012","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3003","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=785","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=872","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=844","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=890","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=808","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=824","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2039","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1965","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4293","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4408","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4314","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4339","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4348","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4315","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2691","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2782","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2560","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2671","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2241","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2386","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3343","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3338","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3460","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3352","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=983","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1000","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5412","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5407","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4699","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4728","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4760","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4849","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4730","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4892","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4865","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5035","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5247","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5034","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5254","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5033","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5166","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5134","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8176","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8212","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8340","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8220","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8227","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8397","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8579","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8573","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8582","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8498","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6654","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6655","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6849","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6671","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6771","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6886","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7176","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7233","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7235","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7345","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7381","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7341","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7182","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7742","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7558","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7833","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7729","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7732","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7737","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6354","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6611","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6569","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7942","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7893","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7928","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8122","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8095","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5959","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6193","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6206","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6310","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5645","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12608","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12731","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12775","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8791","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8953","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8987","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8882","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8949","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9055","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10272","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10487","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10384","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10268","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10484","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10277","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9730","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9772","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9616","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9156","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9288","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9080","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9141","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9332","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9294","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11425","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11504","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11456","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11558","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11517","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13154","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13155","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13109","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11238","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11958","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11830","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11883","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11740","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12004","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12075","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12102","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12003","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12007","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12000","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12129","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13066","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13076","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12962","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12947","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11101","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11015","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10989","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10520","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10687","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10672","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10576","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10772","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10683","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10654","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9946","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10081","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9942","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10004","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10153","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9933","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10174","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10151","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10118","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9592","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9455"]}
	{"docID":[9251,8882,9663,10522,10775,2691,2983,5377,5447,4715,7886,7235],"text":["tools to support specific engineering tasks such as computer-aided manufacturing (CAM) software to generate CNC machining instructions; manufacturing process management software for production engineering; EDA for printed circuit board (PCB) and circuit schematics for electronic engineers; MRO applications for maintenance management; and AEC software for civil engineering. In recent years","attributed to Giric and Constantine II (Causantín mac Áeda) these related to the church and in particular to granting the privileges and immunities common elsewhere. The significance of Forteviot as the site of this law-making along with Kenneth's death there and Constantine's later gathering at nearby Scone may point to","schematic capture programs and printed circuit board design programs. Popular names in the EDA software world are NI Multisim Cadence (ORCAD) EAGLE PCB and Schematic Mentor (PADS PCB and LOGIC Schematic) Altium (Protel) LabCentre Electronics (Proteus) gEDA KiCad and many others. Many different methods of connecting components have been used","(EDA) industry. The goal was to establish a common format from which the proprietary formats of the EDA systems could be derived. When customers needed to transfer data from one system to another it was necessary to write translators from one format to other. As the number of formats (\"N\")","Bauchens Margaret Booth Anne V. Coates Adrienne Fazan Verna Fields Blanche Sewell and Eda Warren. Post-production editing may be summarized by three distinct phases commonly referred to as the editor's cut the director's cut and the final cut. There are several editing stages and the editor's cut is the first.","a fatal pass. Áed's","Russia however had a relatively low weight (1910: 3% of all exports /mainly machinery for Russia 7% of all imports /mainly raw materials from Russia). Prior to World War I the Austrian Empire had five car manufacturer companies. These were: Austro-Daimler in Wiener-Neustadt (cars trucks buses) Gräf & Stift in","of a new month begins on a fresh row. Calendaring software provides users with an electronic version of a calendar and may additionally provide an appointment book address book or contact list. Calendaring is a standard feature of many PDAs EDAs and smartphones. The software may be a local package","in taxes () and laws mandate the safe and sustainable exploitation of timber. Nevertheless in practice the industry is one of the least regulated in Cameroon. Factory-based industry accounted for an estimated 29.7% of GDP in 2009. More than 75% of Cameroon's industrial strength is located in Douala and Bonabéri.","of this efficient and scalable algorithms for SAT were developed over the last decade and have contributed to dramatic advances in our ability to automatically solve problem instances involving tens of thousands of variables and millions of constraints (i.e. clauses). Examples of such problems in electronic design automation (EDA) include","film \"Whip It\" (2009) in which she also starred alongside Ellen Page and Marcia Gay Harden and centers on an obsession with beauty pageants and the Austin Hurl Scouts roller derby team. Critical reception towards the film was largely positive despite it not making an impression commercially. For her venture","Áeda\"; Modern Gaelic: \"Còiseam mac Aoidh\" known in most modern regnal lists as Constantine II; died 952) was an early King of Scotland known then by the Gaelic name \"Alba\". The Kingdom of Alba a name which first appears in Constantine's lifetime was situated in modern day Scotland. The core"],"title":["Engineering","Domnall mac Ailpín","Electronics","EDIF","Film editing","Áed mac Cináeda","Austria-Hungary","Calendar","Cameroon","Boolean satisfiability problem","Drew Barrymore","Constantine II of Scotland"],"word":"eda","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9251","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8882","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10522","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10775","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2691","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2983","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5377","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5447","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4715","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7886","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7235"]}
	{"docID":[11339],"text":["Computer Corporation<br> ECL<br> ECLIPSE<br> ECM<br> ECMA<br> e-commerce<br> Econet<br> ECOOP<br> ECP<br> ECRC<br> ECRC-Prolog<br> ECSL<br> ECSP<br> ECSS II<br> ECSSL<br> ed<br> EDA<br> e-ddress<br> Eden<br> EDF<br> EDI<br> EDIF<br> EDIFACT<br> Edinburgh Multi Access System<br> Edinburgh Prolog<br> Edinburgh SML<br> Edison<br> EDL<br> EDM<br> EdML<br> EDMS<br> EDO DRAM<br> EDO memory<br> EDO RAM<br> EDP<br> EDRAM<br> e-dress<br> EDS+<br> edu<br> edutainment<br>"],"title":["Wikipedia:Free On-line Dictionary of Computing/E - H"],"word":"edabr","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11339"]}
	{"docID":[10375],"text":["of soft errors might indicate that a DIMM module needs replacing and such feedback information would not be easily available without the related reporting capabilities. One example is the Linux kernel's \"EDAC\" subsystem (previously known as \"bluesmoke\") which collects the data from error-checking-enabled components inside a computer system;"],"title":["Error detection and correction"],"word":"edac","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10375"]}
	{"docID":[10375],"text":["or the data may be rewritten onto replacement hardware. DRAM memory may provide increased protection against soft errors by relying on error correcting codes. Such error-correcting memory known as \"ECC\" or \"EDAC-protected\" memory is particularly desirable for high fault-tolerant applications such as servers as well as deep-space applications due to"],"title":["Error detection and correction"],"word":"edacprotect","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10375"]}
	{"docID":[9377],"text":["to calm the people and ask for reconciliation and both agreed. The next day a convoy of four cars: (In the first car were armed Police in the 2nd was the Asmara Administrator with his Arabic translator in the third were the Mufti and the Abuna and in the 4th"],"title":["History of Eritrea"],"word":"edaga","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9377"]}
	{"docID":[4768],"text":["advocates methods that do not involve contact between the mohel's mouth and the open wound such as the use of a sterile syringe thereby eliminating the risk of infection. According to the Chief Rabbinate of Israel and the Edah HaChareidis \"metzitzah b'peh\" should still be performed. The practice of \"metzitzah"],"title":["Brit milah"],"word":"edah","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4768"]}
	{"docID":[7145],"text":["more in common with the later Maeshowe type rather than the stalled Orkney-Cromarty cairns. Huntersquoy cairn on Eday is a Bookan type cairn with an upper and lower storey. The Shetland or Zetland group are relatively small passage graves that are round or heel-shaped in outline. The whole chamber is"],"title":["Chambered cairn"],"word":"edai","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7145"]}
	{"docID":[5040],"text":["both after the 2003 tests and the 2010 tests. Sanal Edamaruku president of the Indian Rationalist Association criticized the 2010 experiment for allowing Jani to move out of a certain CCTV camera's field of view meet devotees and leave the sealed test room to sunbathe. Edamaruku stated that the regular"],"title":["Inedia"],"word":"edamaruku","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5040"]}
	{"docID":[4183,2250],"text":["information on how the land once was thousands of years ago and how it has changed over that time. The goals of plant ecology are to understand the causes of their distribution patterns productivity environmental impact evolution and responses to environmental change. Plants depend on certain edaphic (soil) and climatic","edaphic conditions like rock content and pH levels high radiation compaction contamination and other highly specific conditions like rapid rehydration during seed germination. Abiotic stress as a natural part of every ecosystem will affect organisms in a variety of ways. Although these effects may be either beneficial or detrimental the"],"title":["Botany","Abiotic stress"],"word":"edaph","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4183","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2250"]}
	{"docID":[6445],"text":["compounds benzene kepone EDB and asbestos have all been classified as carcinogenic. As far back as the 1930s Industrial smoke and tobacco smoke were identified as sources of dozens of carcinogens including benzo[\"a\"]pyrene tobacco-specific nitrosamines such as nitrosonornicotine and reactive aldehydes such as formaldehyde which is also a hazard in"],"title":["Carcinogen"],"word":"edb","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6445"]}
	{"docID":[595],"text":["three sets. The rivalry between these two American players became the dominant rivalry in tennis over the rest of the decade. Also in 1990 Agassi helped the United States win its first Davis Cup in 8 years and won his only Tennis Masters Cup beating reigning Wimbledon champion Stefan Edberg"],"title":["Andre Agassi"],"word":"edberg","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=595"]}
	{"docID":[11339],"text":["Eckert-Mauchly Computer Corporation<br> ECL<br> ECLIPSE<br> ECM<br> ECMA<br> e-commerce<br> Econet<br> ECOOP<br> ECP<br> ECRC<br> ECRC-Prolog<br> ECSL<br> ECSP<br> ECSS II<br> ECSSL<br> ed<br> EDA<br> e-ddress<br> Eden<br> EDF<br> EDI<br> EDIF<br> EDIFACT<br> Edinburgh Multi Access System<br> Edinburgh Prolog<br> Edinburgh SML<br> Edison<br> EDL<br> EDM<br> EdML<br> EDMS<br> EDO DRAM<br> EDO memory<br> EDO RAM<br> EDP<br> EDRAM<br> e-dress<br> EDS+<br> edu<br>"],"title":["Wikipedia:Free On-line Dictionary of Computing/E - H"],"word":"edbr","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11339"]}
	{"docID":[3683,8182],"text":["FABF a much simpler and less expensive alternative in tactical air support to the expensive MiGs. The Warriors were not only used for pilot training but also as light strike aircraft and a number of them were employed by the FABF's \"Escadrille de Chasse\" (EdC). Four additional SF.260WPs were subsequently","a willingness to discuss inspections; the tables were then turned on Eisenhower when he responded with an unwillingness on the part of the U.S. to permit inspections. In May of that year the Russians agreed to sign a treaty giving independence to Austria and paved the way for a Geneva"],"title":["Military of Burkina Faso","Dwight D. Eisenhower"],"word":"edc","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3683","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8182"]}
	{"docID":[2824],"text":["Z. The e-d-c-b part is as fast as the l-m-n-o part in the normal alphabet song. In the United States Z is pronounced \"zee\"; in most other English-speaking countries (such as Canada the UK and Australia) it is pronounced \"zed\". Generally the absent \"zee\"-rhyme is not missed although some children"],"title":["Alphabet song"],"word":"edcb","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2824"]}
	{"docID":[9750],"text":["caused by under-performing public schools which falls disproportionately on demographic minorities. During the run-up to the November referendum election Sutherland issued a controversial publication: Voucher Vows & Vexations. Sutherland called the publication an important review of the history of education in Utah while critics just called it revisionist history. Sutherland"],"title":["School voucher"],"word":"edchoic","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750"]}
	{"docID":[9862,9616,10216,10037,2778,4653,8256,6671],"text":["(EDD) was a Eurosceptic political group with seats in the European Parliament between 1999 and 2004. Following the 2004 European elections the group reformed","E(\"C\" \"C\") = E(\"D\" \"C\") it is also the case that E(\"C\"\"D\") > E(\"D\"\"D\"). As a result \"C\" is an ESS. Even if a game has pure strategy Nash equilibria it might be that none of those pure strategies are ESS. Consider the Game of chicken. There are two pure","it is called \"edd\") and Elfdalian. It was also used in Scandinavia during the Middle Ages but was subsequently replaced with \"dh\" and later \"d\". It is often transliterated as \"d\" (and \"d-\" is rarely used as a mnemonic). The lowercase version has been adopted to represent a voiced dental","and EDD).\" In 2004 37 Members of the European Parliament (MEPs) from the UK Poland Denmark and Sweden founded a new European Parliament group called \"Independence and Democracy\" from the old Europe of Democracies and Diversities (EDD) group. The main goal of the ID group was to reject the proposed","settings would be used and the drive could either be inaccessible or appear to the operating system to be damaged. Later an extension to the x86 BIOS disk services called the \"Enhanced Disk Drive\" (EDD) was made available which makes it possible to address drives as large as 2 sectors.","reprinted \"Calamity James\" were all dropped. \"Bananaman\" came out of Geering reprints after being in them for over a year with Wayne Thompson reprising the role of artist after drawing him previously in \"The Dandy\" from 2010-12. \"Roger the Dodger\" was taken over by Jamie Smart and \"Ball Boy\" was","offered between the Center City Hahnemann Campus and both the University City and Queen Lane campuses of the university. In 2011 The Academy of Natural Sciences entered into an agreement to become a subsidiary of Drexel University. Founded in 1812 the Academy of Natural Sciences is America's oldest natural history","and new manager Pat Moran led the Reds to an NL pennant in 1919 in what the club advertised as its \"Golden Anniversary\". The 1919 team had hitting stars Edd Roush and Heinie Groh while the pitching staff was led by Hod Eller and left-hander Harry \"Slim\" Sallee. The Reds"],"title":["Europe of Democracies and Diversities","Evolutionarily stable strategy","Eth","Euroscepticism","Parallel ATA","The Beano","Drexel University","Cincinnati Reds"],"word":"edd","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9616","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10216","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10037","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2778","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4653","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8256","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6671"]}
	{"docID":[8389,8375,5654,8531,9993,9896,12457,12464,12446,12529,10277,11353,11037,11038,10972,10990,11417,841,1482,1460,1540,1802,4055,4060,4063,4067,1178],"text":["internal conflict or an identifiable event and also included a depressive type of manic-depressive psychosis within Major affective disorders. In the mid-20th century researchers theorized that depression was caused by a chemical imbalance in neurotransmitters in the brain a theory based on observations made in the 1950s of the effects","the heroic lays of the \"Poetic Edda\" (in the form of Fafnir). One of the best-known draugar is Glámr who is defeated by the hero in \"Grettis saga\". After Glámr dies on Christmas Eve \"people became aware that Glámr was not resting in peace. He wrought such havoc that some","ideal. Mood was paramount and influence was drawn from such sources as the Icelandic legend of Edda the poems of Ossian and Norse mythology. Friedrich settled permanently in Dresden in 1798. During this early period he experimented in printmaking with etchings and designs for woodcuts which his furniture-maker brother cut.","who according to the Eddas slew the Midgard serpent. In nearly every iteration of the story the serpent is either multi-headed or \"multiple\" in some other way. The Lernaean Hydra slain by Heracles had nine heads; Hesiod describes Typhon as having one hundred heads and Vritra is likewise described as","the \"Elder Edda\" is a collection of Old Norse poems from the Icelandic medieval manuscript Codex Regius (\"Royal Book\"). Along with the \"Prose Edda\" the \"Poetic Edda\" is the most expansive source on Norse mythology. The first part of the Codex Regius preserves poems that narrate the creation and foretold","particularly the Elder Edda. The only character explicitly identified as an elf in classical Eddaic poetry if any is Völundr the protagonist of \"Völundarkviða\". However elves are frequently mentioned in the alliterating phrase \"Æsir ok Álfar\" ('Æsir and elves') and its variants. This was clearly a well established poetic formula","Edda\" poem \"Grímnismál\" the god Odin (disguised as \"Grímnir\") provides the young Agnarr with information about Odin's companions. Agnarr is told that Odin feeds Geri and Freki while the god himself consumes only wine: The pair is also alluded to via the kenning \"Viðrir's (Odin's) hounds\" in \"Helgakviða Hundingsbana I\"","Snorri Sturluson's \"Prose Edda\" after Prologue. The \"Gylfaginning\" deals with the creation and destruction of the world of the Norse gods and many other aspects of Norse mythology. The second part of the Prose Edda is called the \"Skáldskaparmál\" and the third \"Háttatal\". The \"Gylfaginning\" tells the story of Gylfi","the Roman era are often lumped with the other agents of the \"barbarian invasions\" the Alans and the Huns as opposed to the civilized \"Roman\" identity of the Holy Roman Empire. Early modern publications dealing with Old Norse culture appeared in the 16th century e.g. \"Historia de gentibus septentrionalibus\" (Olaus","Edda. It is preserved in the Codex Regius manuscript and the AM 748 I 4to fragment. It is spoken through the voice of \"Grímnir\" one of the many guises of the god Odin. The very name suggests guise or mask or hood. Through an error King Geirröth tortured Odin-as-Grímnir a","released in America three years later greatly popularizing the so-called Spaghetti Western genre. For the American release Sergio Leone and Ennio Morricone decided to adopt American-sounding names so they called themselves respectively Bob Robertson and Dan Savio. Over the film's theatrical release it grossed more than any other Italian film","throughout the \"Poetic Edda\" compiled in the 13th century by Snorri Sturluson. Frigg is first mentioned in the \"Prose Edda\" Prologue (Prose Edda) wherein a euhemerized account of the Norse gods is provided. The author describes Frigg as the wife of Odin and in a case of folk etymology the","Edda\" and the \"Prose Edda\" Freyr is presented as one of the Vanir the son of the sea god Njörðr as well as the twin brother of the goddess Freyja. The gods gave him Álfheimr the realm of the Elves as a teething present. He rides the shining dwarf-made boar","the \"Prose Edda\" books \"Gylfaginning\" and \"Skáldskaparmál\". In chapter 24 of \"Gylfaginning\" the enthroned figure of High says that after the god Njörðr split with the goddess Skaði he had two beautiful and mighty children (no partner is mentioned); a son Freyr and a daughter Freyja. Freyr is \"the most","\"Prose Edda\" Fenrir is mentioned in three books: \"Gylfaginning\" \"Skáldskaparmál\" and \"Háttatal\". In chapter 13 of the \"Prose Edda\" book \"Gylfaginning\" Fenrir is first mentioned in a stanza quoted from \"Völuspá\". Fenrir is first mentioned in prose in chapter 25 where the enthroned figure of High tells Gangleri (described as","Edda\". In the poem \"Vafþrúðnismál\" Odin poses the question to Vafþrúðnir as to who of mankind will survive the Fimbulwinter. Vafþrúðnir responds that Líf and Lífþrasir will survive and that they will live in the forest of Hoddmímis holt. The mythology might be related to the extreme weather events of","Prose Edda Forseti is the son of Baldr and Nanna. His home is Glitnir its name meaning \"shining\" refers to its silver ceiling and golden pillars which radiated light that could be seen from a great distance. His is the best of courts; all those who come before him leave","his death was first recorded 80 years after the events by Roman chronicler Marcellinus Comes. It reports that \"Attila King of the Huns and ravager of the provinces of Europe was pierced by the hand and blade of his wife\". The \"Volsunga saga\" and the \"Poetic Edda\" claim that King","Edda\" compiled in the 13th century from earlier traditional sources and the \"Prose Edda\" written in the 13th century by Snorri Sturluson. In both sources three gods one of whom is Odin find Ask and Embla and bestow upon them various corporeal and spiritual gifts. A number of theories have","Prose Edda written in the 13th century by Icelandic historian Snorri Sturluson and the Poetic Edda compiled in the 13th century from a basis of much older Skaldic poetry. \"Völuspá\" the first poem of the work mentions many of the features and characters of Asgard portrayed by Snorri such as","recognized as the god Jupiter Indiges. Snorri Sturlason in the Prologue of The Edda tells of the world as parted in three continents: Africa Asia and the third part called Europe or Enea . Snorri also tells of a Trojan named Munon or Menon who marries the daughter of the","Edda. In \"Lokasenna\" Ægir hosts a party for the gods where he provides the ale brewed in an enormous pot or cauldron provided by Thor and Týr. The story of their obtaining the pot from the giant Hymir is told in \"Hymiskviða\". The prose introduction to \"Lokasenna\" and Snorri's list","\"Poetic Edda\" and the \"Prose Edda\" alternately refer to the bridge as Ásbrú (Old Norse \"Æsir's bridge\"). According to the \"Prose Edda\" the bridge ends in heaven at Himinbjörg the residence of the god Heimdallr who guards it from the jötnar. The bridge's destruction during Ragnarök by the forces of","In the Poetic Edda the tale of Baldr's death is referred to rather than recounted at length. Among the visions which the Völva sees and describes in the prophecy known as the \"Völuspá\" is one of the fatal mistletoe the birth of Váli and the weeping of Frigg (stanzas 31\u201333).","Edda making Brísingamen \"gleaming torc\" \"sunny torc\" or the like. However \"Brísingr\" can also be an ethnonym in which case \"Brísinga men\" is \"torque of the Brísings\"; the Old English parallel in \"Beowulf\" supports this derivation though who the Brísings (Old Norse \"Brísingar\") may have been remains unknown. Brísingamen is","the \"Poetic Edda\" poem \"Sigrdrífumál\" describes runes being graven on the sun on the ear of one of the sun-horses and on the hoofs of the other on Sleipnir's teeth on bear's paw on eagle's beak on wolf's claw and on several other things including on Bragi's tongue. Then the","The Poetic and Prose Eddas the oldest sources for information on the Norse concept of the afterlife vary in their description of the several realms that are described as falling under this topic. The most well-known are: She'ol in the Hebrew Bible is a place of darkness to which all"],"title":["Major depressive disorder","Draugr","Caspar David Friedrich","Dragon","Edda","Elf","Geri and Freki","Gylfaginning","Germanic peoples","Grímnismál","Ennio Morricone","Frigg","Freyr","Freyja","Fenrir","Fimbulwinter","Forseti","Attila","Ask and Embla","Asgard","Aeneas","Ægir","Bifröst","Baldr","Brísingamen","Bragi","Afterlife"],"word":"edda","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8389","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8375","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5654","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8531","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9993","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12457","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12464","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12446","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12529","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10277","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11353","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11037","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11038","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10972","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10990","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11417","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=841","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1482","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1460","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1540","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1802","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4055","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4060","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4063","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4067","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1178"]}
	{"docID":[9993],"text":["once was another \"Edda\"\u2014an \"Elder Edda\"\u2014which contained the pagan poems Snorri quotes in his book. When the Codex Regius was discovered it seemed that this speculation had proven correct. Brynjólfur attributed the manuscript to Sæmundr the Learned a larger-than-life 12th century Icelandic priest. While this attribution is rejected by modern"],"title":["Edda"],"word":"eddaan","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9993"]}
	{"docID":[12458,9896],"text":["Eddaic text recording Norse cosmogony. \"Ginnunga-\" is usually interpreted as deriving from a verb meaning \"gape\" or \"yawn\" but no such word occurs in Old Norse except in verse 3 of the Eddic poem \"Vǫluspá\" \"gap var ginnunga\" which may be a play on the term. In her edition of","\"Vanir\" is rare in Eddaic verse very rare in Skaldic verse and is not generally thought to appear in other Germanic languages. Given the link between Freyr and the elves it has therefore long been suspected that \"álfar\" and \"Vanir\" are more or less different words for the same group"],"title":["Ginnungagap","Elf"],"word":"eddaic","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12458","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896"]}
	{"docID":[12301,12302],"text":["his mother Queen Cersei Lannister. When Lord Eddard \"Ned\" Stark Robert's closest friend and chief advisor discovers that Joffrey and his siblings are the product of incest between Cersei and her twin brother Jaime \"The Kingslayer\" Lannister Eddard attempts to unseat Joffrey but is betrayed and executed for treason. In","the continent until deposed by Eddard Stark and Robert Baratheon. The North consists of the northern half of the Seven Kingdoms and is ruled by House Stark from Winterfell. The North is nearly as big as the other six kingdoms combined but only sparsely populated. Martin compared the North to"],"title":["A Song of Ice and Fire","World of A Song of Ice and Fire"],"word":"eddard","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12301","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12302"]}
	{"docID":[9993],"text":["another \"Edda\"\u2014an \"Elder Edda\"\u2014which contained the pagan poems Snorri quotes in his book. When the Codex Regius was discovered it seemed that this speculation had proven correct. Brynjólfur attributed the manuscript to Sæmundr the Learned a larger-than-life 12th century Icelandic priest. While this attribution is rejected by modern scholars the"],"title":["Edda"],"word":"eddawhich","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9993"]}
	{"docID":[9971,10013,10037,9946,10049,12405,12454,12501,9736,11668,11101,11034,10854,10878,11100,11181,11238,11252,11225,13270,13149,13219,13030,12980,12991,11787,11974,11685,12015,9039,8786,8816,8832,9002,9140,9288,9128,10357,10272,10503,10672,10654,10778,10802,10783,10520,8579,8687,5644,5637,5698,6654,6652,6851,6849,6671,6720,6771,6576,6433,6613,7382,7966,8060,7891,8099,6927,7021,7756,7566,7731,7668,5326,8425,8259,8315,5026,4969,5247,5035,5142,5046,4904,4726,4760,4737,6207,6310,5945,5907,5829,1000,1446,3809,3708,3811,3856,4649,2310,2414,2273,880,3075,3032,2940,2893,2994,2786,2712,4408,4340,4314,4335,4294,2140,2015,2174,359,698,307,4224,4010,4163,3386,3343,3352,3451,1812],"text":["support from The Horrors The Go! Team OK Go Villagers and The Bees. The 2012 Eden sessions were headlined by: Tim Minchin Example Frank Turner Chase & Status Plan B Blink-182 Noah and the Whale and The Vaccines. The 2013 Eden Sessions were headlined by: Kaiser Chiefs Jessie J Eddie","used by David M. Eddy in the course of his work on population-level policies such as clinical practice guidelines and insurance coverage of new technologies. He first began to use the term \"evidence-based\" in 1987 in workshops and a manual commissioned by the Council of Medical Specialty Societies to teach","and some academics such as the economists Alberto Bagnai and Vladimiro Giacchè the philosopher Diego Fusaro and the mathematician Marino Badiale. According to 22 opinion polls conducted in July 2017 the pro-EU parties that were polled (Democratic Party \"Forza Italia\" Democrats and Progressives and Popular Alternative) would get on average","1958 Sullivan appeared on \"What's My Line?\" as a mystery guest and showed his comedic side by donning a rubber mask. In 1961 Sullivan was asked by CBS to fill in for an ailing Red Skelton on \"The Red Skelton Show\". Sullivan took Skelton's roles in the various comedy sketches;","\"new\" Madison Square Garden on 2 November 1968. Clapton has performed more times at Madison Square Garden than any other US venue a total of 45 times. On 20 May 2016 Clapton released his twenty-third studio album \"I Still Do\". On 30 September 2016 the live-album \"Live in San Diego\"","a yellow dinosaur named Prickle. Beginning in 1982 Gumby was parodied by Eddie Murphy on \"Saturday Night Live\". According to Murphy\u2019s parody when the television cameras were turned off the sweet Gumby reverted to his true self: an irascible cigar-chomping celebrity who was highly demanding of the production executives. Whenever","ran contrary to the Constitution. Whitlam came to believe that the Constitution\u2014and especially Section 96 (which allowed the federal government to make grants to the states)\u2014could be used to advance a worthwhile Labor programme. By the late 1950s Whitlam was seen as a leadership contender once the existing Labor leaders","junctions of Barking Road and Central Park Road Newham London near to West Ham United's Boleyn Ground and features Martin Peters Hurst Bobby Moore and Ray","impractical and dangerous due to powerful updrafts caused by the building itself the wind currents across Manhattan and the spires of nearby skyscrapers. Furthermore even if the airship were to successfully navigate all these obstacles its crew would have to jettison some ballast by releasing water onto the streets below","Theatre Under the Stars Houston Texas and in April to May 1995 at the 5th Avenue Theatre Seattle with Constance Towers (Phyllis) Judy Kaye (Sally) Edie Adams Denise Darcel Virginia Mayo and Karen Morrow (Carlotta). The 1998 Paper Mill Playhouse production (Millburn New Jersey) was directed by Robert Johanson with","the genre had started to go out of fashion with mainstream audiences in 1981 the mod revival scene went underground and successfully reinvented itself through a series of clubs bands and fanzines that breathed fresh life into the genre culminating in another burst of creative acceptance in 1985. This success","the heat and mass transfer. Another promising methodology is large eddy simulation (LES) especially in the guise of detached eddy simulation (DES)\u2014which is a combination of RANS turbulence modelling and large eddy simulation. While many flows (e.g. flow of water through a pipe) occur at low Mach numbers many flows","in Formula One increased dramatically. This increased financial burdens combined with the dominance of four teams (largely funded by big car manufacturers such as Mercedes-Benz) caused the poorer independent teams to struggle not only to remain competitive but to stay in business and forced several teams to withdraw. Since twenty-eight","tickets sold) \"Hector\" (1987; 933000 tickets sold) \"Daens\" (1993; 848000 tickets sold) and \"De Zaak Alzheimer\" (2003; 750000 tickets sold). The first and last ones were directed by Erik Van Looy and an American remake is being made of both of them respectively \"The Loft\" (2012) and \"The Memory of","developed and often patented. These included Eddy's tail-less diamond kite the tetrahedral kite the flexible kite the sled kite and the parafoil kite which helped to develop modern hang-gliders. In fact the period from 1860 to about 1910 became the \"golden age of kiting\". Kites started to be used for","his mother died in a plane crash in 1977. He died as a practicing Catholic and had a Catholic burial. Sinatra was known for his sense of style. He always dressed immaculately both in his professional and private life. He felt that as he was the best he had to","Eastern League All-Star Game in 1977. The 2009 Atlantic Coast Conference Baseball Tournament was scheduled to be held at Fenway Park but a scheduling conflict caused the 2010 tournament to be scheduled at Fenway Park instead. Due to economic reasons the ACC elected to move the 2010 tournament from Fenway","generally been positive from some economic commentators including Eddie Hobbs and David McWilliams who have praised the proposals stating that they have considerable potential. Eamon Gilmore's Labour Party has launched policies which are seen to be broadly consistent with the FG platform. Fine Gael is seen as being a constitutional","Grands Prix contested. Of the 19 tracks used in 2014 8 have lap records set by the Ferrari F2004 with a further 3 set by the Ferrari F2003-GA Ferrari F2008 and Ferrari F10. Ferrari drivers include: Tazio Nuvolari José Froilán González Juan Manuel Fangio Alberto Ascari Luigi Chinetti Maurice Trintignant","gods (\"atua\") and deified ancestors. There are many Hawaiian state parks. The literature of Hawaii is diverse and includes authors Kiana Davenport Lois-Ann Yamanaka and Kaui Hart Hemmings. Hawaiian magazines include \"Hana Hou!\" \"Hawaii Business Magazine\" and \"Honolulu\" among others. The music of Hawaii includes traditional and popular styles ranging","was nervous auditioning as an unknown actor at the time competing against Kieran Culkin Eddie Kaye Thomas and Tom Everett Scott for the role of Brandon. Paul Rudd auditioned for a role while David Alan Grier was the second choice for Tommy Webber. The film was Justin Long's acting debut","club\" than a production company the four men gradually drifted apart and went their separate ways in 1923 by which time Hawks had decided that he wanted to direct rather than produce. Beginning in early 1920 Hawks lived in rented houses in Hollywood with the group of friends he was","belligerent know-it-all character. When he told Gailard Sartain his character needed a name Sartain replied \"Take three: Teddy Jack and Eddy.\" He played in a band called Carp which released one album on Epic Records in 1969. Busey continued to play several small roles in both film and television during","of convicted is somewhat overstated by these statistics. From other hand during some periods of Gulag history the official figures of GULAG population reflected the camps' capacity not the actual amount of inmates so the actual figures were 15% higher in e.g. 1946. The Gulag spanned nearly four decades of","during this period. The atypically pronounced (for Parsons) gospel-soul influence on this album likely evolved from the ecumenical tastes of bassist Chris Ethridge (who co-wrote \"Hot Burrito No. 1 [I'm Your Toy]\" and \"Hot Burrito No. 2\" with Parsons) and frequent jamming with Delaney & Bonnie and Richards during the","from Kirwan and their third European album called \"The Pious Bird of Good Omen\" which was a collection of singles B-sides and a selection of some work the band did with Eddie Boyd. When the band went to the United States in January 1969 they recorded many songs at the","House. U.S. citizens in Guam vote in a straw poll for their choice in the U.S. Presidential general election but since Guam has no votes in the Electoral College the poll has no real effect. However in sending delegates to the Republican and Democratic national conventions Guam does have influence","caregiver and tolerates Martin's dog Eddie. Frasier frequently spends time with his younger brother Niles (Pierce) a fellow psychiatrist. Niles becomes attracted to and eventually falls in love with Daphne (notwithstanding his own marriage) but does not confess his feelings to her until the final episode of the seventh season.","Eagle program developed by the National Rifle Association for preschoolers through 6th graders. Whether programs like Eddie Eagle are effective has not been conclusively determined. Some studies published in peer-reviewed journals have shown that it is very difficult for young children to control their curiosity even when they have been","musical style. In 1938 Reinhardt's quintet played to thousands at an all-star show held in London's Kilburn State auditorium. While playing he noticed American film actor Eddie Cantor in the front row. When their set ended Cantor rose to his feet then went up on stage and kissed Reinhardt's hand","Bowie: the tour coincided with the singer's slide from heavy cocaine use into addiction producing severe physical debilitation paranoia and emotional problems. He later commented that the accompanying live album \"David Live\" ought to have been titled \"David Bowie Is Alive and Well and Living Only in Theory\". \"David Live\"","albums make him one of the most-recorded bassists in jazz history including LPs by Thelonious Monk and Wes Montgomery and many Blue Note Records artists; and Paul Chambers (1935\u20131969) a member of the Miles Davis Quintet (including the landmark modal jazz recording \"Kind of Blue\") and many other 1950s and","a number of books about the case also arguing that the suspects were wrongly convicted: \"Devil's Knot\" by Mara Leveritt; \"Blood of Innocents\" by Guy Reel; and \"The Last Pentacle of the Sun: Writings in Support of the West Memphis Three\" edited by Brett Alexander Savory & M. W. Anderson","star of a show about a young man who is drafted called \"Let's Face It!\". His feature film debut was in producer Samuel Goldwyn's Technicolor 1944 comedy \"Up in Arms\" a remake of Goldwyn's Eddie Cantor comedy \"Whoopee!\" (1930). Rival producer Robert M. Savini cashed in by compiling three of","collector's set of three near-identical covers of the \"Radio Times\" on 17 April with exactly the same headline but with the newly redesigned Daleks in their primary colours representing the three main political parties Red being Labour Blue as Conservative and Yellow as Liberal Democrats. Daleks have been the subject","harmony at the time. In April Presley began working for the Crown Electric company as a truck driver. His friend Ronnie Smith after playing a few local gigs with him suggested he contact Eddie Bond leader of Smith's professional band which had an opening for a vocalist. Bond rejected him","at age 66. His body was cremated and his ashes were illegally scattered from a DC-3 airplane over Broadway in Manhattan by Captain Eddie Rickenbacker on December 18 1946. The family plot of Damon Runyon is located at Woodlawn Cemetery in The Bronx New York. The English comedy writer Frank","enlist during World War I). His party soon rebelled though and Page was deposed as Country Party leader in favour of Archie Cameron. In 1940 Page and Menzies patched up their differences for the sake of the war effort and Page returned to the cabinet as Minister for Commerce. Nevertheless","often by a MIDI digital control interface. Typical effects include: In the 1970s as effects pedals proliferated their sounds were combined with tube amp distortion at lower more controlled volumes by using power attenuators such as Tom Scholz's Power Soak as well as re-amplified dummy loads such as Eddie Van","interface; pleasant if unambitious graphics; ... literate prose; and a vast scope.\" \"Exile II: Crystal Souls\" won the 1995 Eddy Award Honorable Mention for Best Shareware Game of the Year and received a 5 out of 5 star rating from ZiffNet. \"Exile III: Ruined World\" received the Shareware Game of","in an extended period of wheelchair confinement making touring impossible for over half a year. Upon return to the stage in September 1972 Zappa was still wearing a leg brace had a noticeable limp and could not stand for very long while on stage. Zappa noted that one leg healed","threw for 1789 yards. John Mohardt led the 1921 Notre Dame team to a 10-1 record with 781 rushing yards 995 passing yards 12 rushing touchdowns and nine passing touchdowns. Grantland Rice wrote that \"Mohardt could throw the ball to within a foot or two of any given space\" and","Jimi Hendrix's improvised solos. Eddie Hazel who worked with George Clinton is one of the most notable guitar soloists in funk. Ernie Isley was tutored at an early age by Jimi Hendrix himself when he was a part of the Isley Brothers backing band and lived in the attic temporarily","out of reach\". Film analyst Eddie Muller writes \u201cIf a private eye is hired by an old geezer to prove his wife\u2019s cheating on him and the shamus discovers long-buried family secrets and solves a couple of murders before returning to his lonely office \u2013 that\u2019s detective fiction. If the","on world cinema with directors such as Akira Kurosawa Martin Scorsese James Ivory Abbas Kiarostami Elia Kazan François Truffaut Steven Spielberg Carlos Saura Jean-Luc Godard Isao Takahata Gregory Nava Ira Sachs Wes Anderson and Danny Boyle being influenced by his cinematic style. According to Michael Sragow of \"The Atlantic Monthly\"","in a band. He later fronted a singing quartet called \"Eddie Wood's Little Splinters\" having learned to play a variety of string instruments. In 1942 Wood enlisted in the United States Marine Corps just months after the attack on Pearl Harbor. Assigned to the 2nd Defense Battalions he reached the","Tigers were placed in the American League East. That year Detroit failed to defend its '68 title despite Denny McLain having another outstanding season with a 24-9 campaign earning him his second straight Cy Young Award (co-winner with Baltimore's Mike Cuellar). The Tigers' 90 wins placed them a distant second","sports venues in the city: Comerica Park (home of the Major League Baseball team Detroit Tigers) Ford Field (home of the NFL's Detroit Lions) and Little Caesars Arena (home of the NHL's Detroit Red Wings and the NBA's Detroit Pistons). A 1996 marketing campaign promoted the nickname \"Hockeytown\". The Detroit","(1972). Films in this subgenre blend comic antics and action where the film stars combine with and one-liners with a thrilling plot and daring stunts. The genre became a specific draw in North America in the eighties when comedians such as Eddie Murphy started taking more action oriented roles such","on the \"Judgment Night\" soundtrack teaming up with Pearl Jam (without singer Eddie Vedder) on the track \"Real Thing\" and Sonic Youth on \"I Love You Mary Jane\". The group later played at Woodstock 94 introducing new member Eric Bobo son of Willie Bobo and formerly a percussionist with the","Arago's rotations publishing in 1825. Their explanations were only transitional being picked up and broadened by Michael Faraday. The phenomena are now part of the theory of eddy currents and Babbage and Herschel missed some of the clues to unification of electromagnetic theory staying close to Ampère's force law. Babbage","Harry Caray dubbed Wickers \"Leather Lungs\" for his ability to shout for hours at a time. He is not employed by the team although the club has on two separate occasions allowed him into the broadcast booth and allow him some degree of freedom once he purchases or is given","a $150 million domed stadium was defeated in a referendum 2\u20131. Finally in May 1990 Cuyahoga County voters passed an excise tax on sales of alcohol and cigarettes in the county. The tax proceeds would be used to finance the building of the Gateway Sports and Entertainment Complex which would","1970s. These were re-introduced by new producer Bill Podmore who joined the series in 1976. He had worked on Granada comedy productions prior to his appointment. Stan and Hilda Ogden were often at the centre of overtly funny storylines with other comic characters including Eddie Yeats (Geoffrey Hughes) Fred Gee","On November 4 1955 Young died on the Benedum's farm at the age of 88. He was buried in Peoli Ohio. Young retired with 511 career wins which remains the record for most career wins by a pitcher. At the time Pud Galvin had the second most career wins with","mid-season players' strike and missed the playoffs. To commemorate this a team photo was taken accompanied by a banner that read \"Baseball's Best Record 1981\". By the Reds were a shell of the original Red Machine; they lost 101 games that year. Johnny Bench after an unsuccessful transition to 3rd","a lack of improvement in results under new manager Russell Slade who had been offered a three-year contract as manager on 6 June 2016 . On 14 November 2016 with the club in 15th place of League One the club announced that it had \"parted company\" with Russell Slade with","held an experimental game in Wichita Kansas that reduced the number of scrimmage plays to earn a first down from four to three in an attempt to reduce injuries. The \"Los Angeles Times\" reported an increase in punts and considered the game much safer than regular play but that the","four NFL championships. The Lions won three of those championships while the Browns won one. This was arguably one of the NFL's best rivalries in the 1950s. From 2002 to 2014 the two teams played an annual preseason game known as the \"Great Lakes Classic\". The Bills rivalry had its","others used the clarinet in free jazz. The French composer and clarinetist Jean-Christian Michel initiated a jazz-classical cross-over on the clarinet with the drummer Kenny Clarke. In the U.S. the prominent players on the instrument since the 1980s have included Eddie Daniels Don Byron Marty Ehrlich and others playing the","corruption. Chinese companies ran their own steamers but were second tier to European operations at the time. Steamers came late to the upper river the section stretching from Yichang to Chongqing. Freshets from Himalayan snowmelt created treacherous seasonal currents. But summer was better navigationally and the three gorges described as","Seal stolen. The largest military action in the Maritimes during the revolutionary war was the attack on Fort Cumberland (the renamed Fort Beausejour) in 1776 by a force of American sympathizers led by Jonathan Eddy. The fort was partially overrun after a month-long siege but the attackers were ultimately repelled","songs with disco elements include \"You Keep Me Hangin' On\" (the Supremes 1966) \"Soul Makossa\" (Manu Dibango 1972) \"Superstition\" by Stevie Wonder (1972) Eddie Kendricks' \"Keep on Truckin'\" (1973) and \"The Love I Lost\" by Harold Melvin and the Blue Notes (1973). \"Love Train\" by the O'Jays (1972) with M.F.S.B.","modernist building construction Spanish Colonial-style arched windows and a traditional Taino hammock in the bedroom balcony. Dominican cuisine is predominantly Taíno and African. The typical cuisine is quite similar to what can be found in other Latin American countries but many of the names of dishes are different. One breakfast","and establishment of seven buildings in which 8000 salaried people would practice advanced meditation techniques \"pumping peace for the world\". He estimates the cost at US$7 billion. As of December 2005 he had spent US$400000 of personal money and raised US$1 million in donations. In December 2006 the \"New York","Don Fleming Mike Mills of R.E.M. Thurston Moore of Sonic Youth and Dave Pirner of Soul Asylum. A music video was filmed for the song \"Money\" while Grohl was with Nirvana on their 1994 European tour footage of Grohl was filmed later and included. Later in 1994 Grohl played drums","both Australian and New Zealand singles charts and reached top 50 in the US though the following four singles were less successful. Crowded House undertook a short tour of Australia and Canada to promote the album with Eddie Rayner on keyboards. Multi-instrumentalist Mark Hart who would eventually become a full","is too much air resistance for \"eddy currents\" to occur and any slight air movement caused by the temperature difference is damped by the higher pressure before the currents can \"wrap around\" to the other side. When the radiometer is heated in the absence of a light source it turns","brief conversation. Chet's song \"Jam Man\" is currently used in commercials for Esurance. The opening guitar licks to the Miranda Lambert song \"Only Prettier\" sound very similar to Atkins's guitar-picking style. In 1967 a tribute song \"Chet's Tune\" was produced for his birthday with contributions by a long list of","in September 1993 presented by Cameron Mackintosh where it continued until May 1994. The Hytner production moved to New York's Vivian Beaumont Theater where it opened on March 24 1994 and ran for 322 performances. This won five Tony Awards including best musical revival as well as awards for Hytner","teachings of Charles Taze Russell Mary Baker Eddy the Mormons and Spiritualists. Since the 1940s the approach of traditional Christians was to apply the meaning of \"cult\" such that it included those religious groups who use other scriptures beside the Bible or have teachings and practices deviating from traditional Christian","married in 1966 by Allen Ginsberg. Facing financial hardship Mingus was evicted from his New York home in 1966. Mingus's pace slowed somewhat in the late 1960s and early 1970s. In 1974 after his 1970 sextet with Charles McPherson Eddie Preston and Bobby Jones disbanded he formed a quintet with","the Book of Genesis as well as literal aspects. Christian Science a system of thought and practice derived from the writings of Mary Baker Eddy interprets the Book of Genesis figuratively rather than literally. It holds that the material world is an illusion and consequently not created by God: the","in the children's cartoon \"Chowder\" and Eddie the Squirrel in \"CatDog\". Schultz was born in Baltimore Maryland of German descent and is a Roman Catholic. He attended Calvert Hall College High School and Towson University. Schultz's breakthrough role was the character of Captain \"Howling Mad\" Murdock on \"The A-Team\". Schultz","current can lead to standing waves large whirlpools and roiling eddies. This swift current phenomenon can be viewed from the twin bridges' pedestrian walkways or from the trail leading below the larger south bridge from the parking lot on the Whidbey Island side. Boats can be seen waiting on either","them to circulate around forming eddy currents. The eddy currents then produce an induced magnetic field opposite the applied field resisting the conductor's motion. Superconductors may be considered perfect diamagnets () because they expel all fields (except in a thin surface layer) due to the Meissner effect. If a powerful","late 1999 when Collingwood played their last ever VFL/AFL game at their spiritual home ground Victoria Park with the Lions emerging 42 point victors that day and consigning the Magpies to their second wooden spoon to the dissatisfaction of the Collingwood supporters. The rivalry between the two clubs went to","two failed pilots. In 1969 Bixby starred in his second high-profile television role as Tom Corbett in \"The Courtship of Eddie's Father\" a comedy-drama on ABC. The series concerned a widowed father raising a young son managing a major syndicated magazine and at the same time trying to re-establish himself","each had two songs in the top 5 of the Billboard Hot 100 in the early eighties: Nelson charted \"Always on My Mind\" (No. 5 1982) and \"To All the Girls I've Loved Before\" (No. 5 1984 a duet with Julio Iglesias) and Newton achieved success with \"Queen of Hearts\"","\"White Zombie\" (1932). Lugosi did not actually play Vornoff in the scenes demanding physical combat. The film made use of body doubles for Lugosi: Eddie Parker and Red Reagan. Parker was also the body-double of Lugosi in \"Frankenstein Meets the Wolf Man\" (1943). Lugosi's fee for the film is estimated","to showcase new comic talent. In other tributes a minor planet 3623 Chaplin \u2013 discovered by Soviet astronomer Lyudmila Karachkina in 1981 \u2013 is named after Chaplin. Throughout the 1980s the Tramp image was used by IBM to advertise their personal computers. Chaplin's 100th birthday anniversary in 1989 was marked","play at the Kingspan Stadium in the south of the city. Belfast has four teams in rugby's All-Ireland League: Belfast Harlequins in Division 1B; and Instonians Queen's University and Malone in Division 2A. Belfast is home to the Stormont cricket ground since 1949 and was the venue for the Irish","the extensive makeup requirements. The role instead went to Butch Patrick. Mumy appeared in one episode as a friend of Eddie's. Mumy guest starred in an episode of NBC-TV's \"I Dream of Jeannie\" \"Whatever Became of Baby Custer?\" (1965). That same year he also appeared in an episode of \"Bewitched\"","1983 so this would never come to pass. A number of filmmakers were attached to Mankiewicz' script including Ivan Reitman and Joe Dante. Reitman wanted to cast Bill Murray as Batman and Eddie Murphy as Robin. Nine rewrites were performed by nine separate writers. Most of them were based on","tune as their Chinook helicopter takes off. Many American cover versions of the song appeared recorded by artists ranging from Kate Smith and Duane Eddy to unknown artists singing on various drugstore records. The punk rock band The F.U.'s performed a cover of the","in a 1988 episode entitled \"The Blues Brother\" in which he played the fictional blues musician Eddie Dupre. He also appeared in the television series \"Matlock\" in a 1989 episode entitled \"The Blues Singer\". Happy Traum a former guitar student of McGhee's edited a blues guitar instruction guide and songbook","and electronic equipment. Eddy currents are electric currents that occur in conductors exposed to changing magnetic fields. Similarly electric currents occur particularly in the surface of conductors exposed to electromagnetic waves. When oscillating electric currents flow at the correct voltages within radio antennas radio waves are generated. In electronics other","first in the nation but lost to Indiana 1-0 in double overtime in the NCAA championship game; nevertheless the team went further toward the NCAA title than any Ivy League soccer team in history. The football program unfortunately is best known for its record of futility set during the 1980s:","led by Eddie Cicotte Eddie Collins and Shoeless Joe Jackson. The 1919 World Series was marred by the Black Sox Scandal in which several members of the White Sox were accused of conspiring with gamblers to fix games. In response Major League Baseball's new Commissioner Kenesaw Mountain Landis banned the","as Dave Richards Annie Golden as Margaret O'Keefe Derek McGrath as Andy Schroeder (also referred to as \"Andy Andy\") interchangeably Joel Polis and Robert Desiderio as rival bar owner Gary Jay Thomas as Eddie LeBec Roger Rees as Robin Colcord Tom Skerritt as Evan Drake Frances Sternhagen as Esther Clavin","third in 2014. He followed these with a \"Craig Charles Funk and Soul Classics\" album of 3 CDs in 2015. Charles returned to stand-up comedy between 1995 and 2001 regularly touring his one-man adult-rated shows nationally and releasing the videos \"Craig Charles: Live on Earth!\" (1995) \"Live Official Bootleg\" (1996)","Charlie Chan films. On 22 February 1945 \"speaking from London Agatha Christie introduced the initial broadcast of the Poirot series via shortwave\". An adaptation of \"Murder in the Mews\" was broadcast on the BBC Light Programme in March 1955 starring Richard Williams as Poirot; this program was thought lost but","grew and foreign investment increased with it. During the 1950s Acapulco became the fashionable place for millionaire Hollywood stars such as Elizabeth Taylor Frank Sinatra Eddie Fisher and Brigitte Bardot. Former Swing Musician Teddy Stauffer so called \"Mister Acapulco\" was a hotel manager (\"Villa Vera\" \"Casablanca\") who attracted a lot","the Dodgers holds the record for most sacrifice flies in one season with 19 in 1954; Eddie Murray holds the record for most sacrifice flies in a career with 128. As of the end of the 2008 season players who have hit 115 or more career sacrifice flies: 1. Eddie","of the Communities. The \"Administration de l'Éducation Physique et du Sport\" (ADEPS) is responsible for recognising the various French-speaking sports federations and also runs three sports centres in the Brussels-Capital Region. Its Dutch-speaking counterpart is \"Sport Vlaanderen\" (formerly called BLOSO). The King Baudouin Stadium (formerly Heysel Stadium) is the largest in the country","is used effectively at the college level. The first delayed steal on record was performed by Miller Huggins in 1903. The delayed steal was famously practiced by Eddie Stanky of the Brooklyn Dodgers. Second base is the base most often stolen because once a runner is on second base he","the fix could be pulled off for $100000 total (which would be equal to $ today) paid to the players involved. New York gangster Arnold Rothstein supplied the $100000 that Gandil had requested through his lieutenant Abe Attell a former featherweight boxing champion. After the 1919 series and through the","Jazz artists such as Arvell Shaw Pee Wee Russell Eddie Condon and Billie Holiday were often guests in the home. With the decline of Dixieland jazz circa 1963 Crystal's father lost his business and died later that year at the age of 54 after suffering a heart attack while bowling.","provide for his family. Eddie Carbone is the central character in \"A View from the Bridge\" and is not positioned as the protagonist or the antagonist. He is a longshoreman who lives with his wife Beatrice and his 17-year-old niece Catherine. When his family from Italy Rodolpho and Marco migrate","and some of Eddie Sauter's arrangements for the Benny Goodman band and Artie Shaw's arrangements for his own band were new compositions as well. It became more common to arrange sketchy jazz combo compositions for big band after the bop era. After 1950 the big bands declined in number. However","der Sar in goal; players such as Michael Reiziger Frank de Boer and Danny Blind in defence; Ronald de Boer Edgar Davids and Clarence Seedorf in midfield; and Patrick Kluivert and Marc Overmars in attack. In 2011 Ajax opened its first youth academies outside the Netherlands when the club partnered","influence. Swedish metal guitarist Yngwie Malmsteen covered \"Gimme! Gimme! Gimme! (A Man After Midnight)\" with slightly altered lyrics. Two different compilation albums of ABBA songs have been released. \"ABBA: A Tribute\" coincided with the 25th anniversary celebration and featured 17 songs some of which were recorded especially for this release.","and actress and Harry Einstein a radio comedian who performed on Eddie Cantor's radio program and was known as Parkyakarkus. His brothers are comedic actor Bob Einstein better known as a character he created named \"Super Dave Osborne\" and for a recurring role in \"Curb Your Enthusiasm\"; and Cliff Einstein","respectively and featured Frankie Howerd starring as Pseudolus Kenneth Connor as Hysterium 'Monsewer' Eddie Gray as Senex Jon Pertwee as Marcus Lycus and Leon Greene as Miles Gloriosus. In 2004 there was a limited-run revival at the Royal National Theatre starring Desmond Barrit as Pseudolus Philip Quast as Miles Gloriosus","version is heard in Derek Jarman's 1977 film \"Jubilee\". In an episode of \"Peep Show\" Jez (Robert Webb) records a track titled \"This Is Outrageous\" which uses the first and a version of the second line in a verse. In the theatre it appears in \"Jerusalem\" \"Calendar Girls\" and in","guitarists of all time and third (after Eddie Van Halen and Brian May) in a \"Guitar World\" readers poll also listing the 100 greatest guitarists. Lifeson was born as Alexandar Zivojinovich (Aleksandar Živojinović in Serbian) in Fernie British Columbia to Serbian immigrants Nenad and Melanija Živojinović and raised in Toronto","requires a refresh rate of wind speed measurements of 3 Hz easily achieved by sonic anemometers. Three-dimensional sonic anemometers are widely used to measure gas emissions and ecosystem fluxes using the eddy covariance method when used with fast-response infrared gas analyzers or laser-based analyzers. Two-dimensional wind sensors are of two types:","teslas). The resulting helical MK-2 generated 1000 million amperes in 1953. Sakharov then tested a MK-driven \"plasma cannon\" where a small aluminum ring was vaporized by huge eddy currents into a stable self-confined toroidal plasmoid and was accelerated to 100 km/s. Sakharov later suggested replacing the copper coil in MK generators","The Peanuts Swings & Roundabouts Capercaillie Boys of the Lough Eddi Reader and The Fence Collective's Three Craws The Donkey brae run is held on the first Sunday of the festival and is popular nationwide with a 7-mile race 2-mile run and a 1-mile run for children. Aberdour has a","seeing Presley's performances and hearing his music. In October Stone booked Bill Haley & His Comets and placed Holley as the opening act to be seen by Nashville scout Eddie Crandall. Impressed Crandall persuaded Grand Ole Opry manager Jim Denny to seek a recording contract for Holley. Stone sent a","three of its players named MVP: Frank Robinson in 1966; Boog Powell in 1970; and Cal Ripken Jr. in 1983. Additionally Brooks Robinson was named Most Valuable Player in 1964 just two years before the 1966\u20131983 golden era began. The pitching staff was phenomenal with four pitchers winning six Cy","drummer Ward on stage for the first time since 1985's \"Live Aid\" concert performing a brief set of Black Sabbath songs. Drummer Vinny Appice left the band following the reunion show to join Ronnie James Dio's solo band later appearing on Dio's \"Strange Highways\" and \"Angry Machines\". Iommi and Butler","entire line of comic book titles. \"Batman\" was rebooted as starting with a one-shot issue entitled \"Batman: Rebirth\" #1 (August 2016). The series then began shipping twice-monthly as a third volume starting with \"Batman\" vol. 3 #1 (August 2016). The third volume of \"Batman\" was written by Tom King and","been invited to share a national television platform with mainstream panellists. Griffin's performance was however widely regarded as poor. Despite its success there was dissent in the party. In 2007 a group of senior members known as the \"December rebels\" challenged Griffin calling for internal party democracy and financial transparency","Bartholomay in 1962. Almost immediately Bartholomay started shopping the Braves to a larger television market. Keen to attract them the fast-growing city of Atlanta led by Mayor Ivan Allen Jr. constructed a new $18 million 52000-seat ballpark in less than one year Atlanta Stadium which was officially opened in 1965 in","Atlantic. Alternatively ocean eddies the oceanic equivalent of atmospheric storms or the large-scale meanders of the Circumpolar Current may directly transport momentum downward in the water column. This is because such flows can produce a net southward flow in the troughs and a net northward flow over the ridges without","built a new Arsenal. He appointed enduring new trainer Tom Whittaker implemented Charlie Buchan's new twist on the nascent WM formation captured young players like Cliff Bastin and Eddie Hapgood and lavished Highbury's income on stars like David Jack and Alex James. With record-breaking spending and gate receipts Arsenal quickly","\"Eddie\" Willers is the Special Assistant to the Vice-President in Charge of Operations at Taggart Transcontinental. His father and grandfather worked for the Taggarts and himself likewise. He is completely loyal to Dagny and to Taggart Transcontinental. Willers does not possess the creative ability of Galt's associates but matches them","from marginal seas and regional topography rather than being steered by wind both in the deep ocean and at sea level. The subpolar gyre forms an important part of the global thermohaline circulation. Its eastern portion includes eddying branches of the North Atlantic Current which transport warm saline waters from","hell I suppose.\" In 1844 the couple bought a house in Springfield near Lincoln's law office. Mary Todd Lincoln kept house often with the help of a relative or hired servant girl. He was an affectionate though often absent husband and father of four children. Robert Todd Lincoln was born","Seven of his teammates had perished at the scene including Taylor and Pegg with whom he and Viollet had swapped seats prior to the fatal take-off attempt. Club captain Roger Byrne was also killed along with Mark Jones Billy Whelan Eddie Colman and Geoff Bent. Duncan Edwards died a fortnight","Boys\" were born. The additional voice meant the boys could be heard more easily in the large New York theaters and eventually became a success. A year touring with Whiteman performing and recording with musicians Bix Beiderbecke Jack Teagarden Tommy Dorsey Jimmy Dorsey Eddie Lang and Hoagy Carmichael provided valuable","October 1948. He said he owed his life to smoking since the people who drowned were in the non-smoking part of the plane. \"A History of Western Philosophy\" (1945) became a best-seller and provided Russell with a steady income for the remainder of his life. In 1942 Russell argued in","occupying the eastern and western sectors of the basin. The Eastern and Western Gyres are well-organized systems in the winter but dissipate into a series of interconnected eddies in the summer and autumn. Mesoscale activity in the peripheral flow becomes more pronounced during these warmer seasons and is subject to","Lady of Hanswijk in Mechelen; festival in Liège; and the Walloon festival in Namur. Originated in 1832 and revived in the 1960s the Gentse Feesten have become a modern tradition. A major non-official holiday is the Saint Nicholas Day a festivity for children and in Liège for students. Many highly","\"Cinderella Rockefella\". Early country music was infused with the blues. Jimmie Rodgers Moon Mullican Bob Wills Bill Monroe and Hank Williams have all described themselves as blues singers and their music has a blues feel that is different at first glance at least from the later country pop of artists","held in Nassau (and a few other settlements) every Boxing Day and New Year's Day. Junkanoo is also used to celebrate other holidays and events such as Emancipation Day. Regattas are important social events in many family island settlements. They usually feature one or more days of sailing by old-fashioned","can \"go to the grocery store and get something that performs a whole lot better for a whole lot less money\". Amway's health and beauty brands include Artistry Satinique Hymm Body Series Glister \"Moiskin\" (South America) Nutrilite \"Nutriway\" (Scandinavia and Australia/New Zealand) \"Attitude\" (India) eSpring \"Atmosphere\" and \"iCook\" as well"],"title":["Eden Project","Evidence-based medicine","Euroscepticism","Ed Sullivan","Eric Clapton","Gumby","Gough Whitlam","Geoff Hurst","Empire State Building","Follies","Fanzine","Fluid dynamics","Formula One","Flanders","Kite","Frank Sinatra","Fenway Park","Fine Gael","Ferrari","Hawaii","Galaxy Quest","Howard Hawks","Gary Busey","Gulag","Gram Parsons","Fleetwood Mac","Guam","Frasier","Gun safety","Django Reinhardt","David Bowie","Double bass","West Memphis Three","Danny Kaye","Dalek","Elvis Presley","Damon Runyon","Earle Page","Electric guitar","Exile (1995 video game series)","Frank Zappa","Forward pass","Funk","Film noir","History of film","Ed Wood","Detroit Tigers","Detroit","Comedy film","Cypress Hill","Charles Babbage","Chicago Cubs","Cleveland Indians","Coronation Street","Cy Young","Cincinnati Reds","Charlton Athletic F.C.","College football","Cleveland Browns","Clarinet","Yangtze","The Maritimes","Disco","Dominican Republic","David Lynch","Dave Grohl","Crowded House","Crookes radiometer","Chet Atkins","Carousel (musical)","Christian countercult movement","Charles Mingus","Creationism","Dwight Schultz","Deception Pass","Diamagnetism","Brisbane Lions","Bill Bixby","Country music","Bride of the Monster","Charlie Chaplin","Belfast","Bill Mumy","Batman (1989 film)","Ballad of the Green Berets","Brownie McGhee","Electric current","Columbia University","Chicago White Sox","Cheers","Craig Charles","Hercule Poirot","Acapulco","Sacrifice fly","Brussels","Stolen base","History of baseball in the United States","Billy Crystal","Arthur Miller","Arrangement","AFC Ajax","ABBA","Albert Brooks","A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum","And did those feet in ancient time","Alex Lifeson","Anemometer","Andrei Sakharov","Aberdour","Buddy Holly","Baltimore Orioles","Black Sabbath","Batman","British National Party","Atlanta Braves","Antarctic Circumpolar Current","Arsenal F.C.","List of Atlas Shrugged characters","Atlantic Ocean","Abraham Lincoln","Bobby Charlton","Bing Crosby","Bertrand Russell","Black Sea","Belgium","Blues","The Bahamas","Amway"],"word":"eddi","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9971","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10013","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10037","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9946","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10049","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12405","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12454","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12501","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11668","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11101","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11034","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10854","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10878","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11100","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11181","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11238","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11252","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11225","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13270","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13149","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13219","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13030","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12980","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12991","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11787","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11974","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11685","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12015","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9039","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8786","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8816","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8832","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9002","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9140","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9288","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9128","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10357","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10272","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10503","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10672","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10654","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10778","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10802","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10783","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10520","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8579","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8687","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5644","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5637","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5698","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6654","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6652","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6851","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6849","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6671","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6720","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6771","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6576","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6433","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6613","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7382","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7966","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8060","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7891","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8099","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7756","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7566","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7731","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7668","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5326","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8425","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8259","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8315","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5026","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4969","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5247","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5035","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5142","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5046","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4904","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4726","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4760","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4737","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6207","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6310","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5829","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1000","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1446","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3809","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3708","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3811","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3856","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4649","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2310","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2414","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2273","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=880","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3075","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3032","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2940","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2994","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2786","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2712","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4408","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4340","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4314","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4335","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4294","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2140","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2015","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2174","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=359","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=698","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=307","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4224","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4010","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4163","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3386","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3343","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3352","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3451","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1812"]}
	{"docID":[1478,4067,4061,4060,12458,9993,11037],"text":["The eddic poem \"Grímnismál\" describes twelve divine dwellings beginning in stanza 5 with: Ýdalir call they     the place where Ull A hall for himself hath set; And Álfheim the gods     to Frey once gave As a tooth-gift in ancient times. A tooth-gift was a gift given to","In the eddic poem \"Helgakviða Hundingsbana II\" Bragi Högnason his brother Dag and his sister Sigrún were children of Högne the king of East Götaland. The poem relates how Sigmund's son Helgi Hundingsbane agreed to take Sigrún daughter of Högni as his wife against her unwilling betrothal to Hodbrodd son","Eddic sources.","come back (stanza 62). The Eddic poem \"Baldr's Dreams\" mentions that Baldr has bad dreams which the gods then discuss. Odin rides to Hel and awakens a seeress who tells him Höðr will kill Baldr but Vali will avenge him (stanzas 9 11). In \"Gylfaginning\" Baldur is described as follows:","the Eddic poem \"Vǫluspá\" \"gap var ginnunga\" which may be a play on the term. In her edition of the poem Ursula Dronke suggested it was borrowed from Old High German \"ginunga\" as the term Múspell is believed to have been borrowed from Old High German. An alternative etymology links","the Eddic poem \"Rígsþula.\" Another theory holds that \"edda\" derives from Old Norse \"óðr\" \"poetry\". A third proposed in 1895 by Eiríkr Magnússon is that it derives from the Icelandic place name \"Oddi\" site of the church and school where students including Snorri Sturluson were educated. A fourth hypothesis\u2014the derivation","of the Eddic poems describes the final confrontation between Freyr and Surtr during Ragnarök. Some scholars have preferred a slightly different translation in which the sun shines \"from the sword of the gods\". The idea is that the sword which Surtr slays Freyr with is the \"sword of the gods\""],"title":["Álfheimr","Bragi","Breidablik","Baldr","Ginnungagap","Edda","Freyr"],"word":"eddic","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1478","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4067","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4061","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4060","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12458","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9993","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11037"]}
	{"docID":[9591],"text":["rules that generate typical English sentences (for example \"they sowed their isn't\"). In addition a number of Cummings' poems feature in part or in whole intentional misspellings and several incorporate phonetic spellings intended to represent particular dialects. Cummings also made use of inventive formations of compound words as in \"in"],"title":["E. E. Cummings"],"word":"eddieandbil","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9591"]}
	{"docID":[12024,11274,10346,4116,3970,2274,4650,736,6813],"text":["any arbitrary parameters (\"fudge factors\"). Similarly a 1919 expedition led by Eddington confirmed general relativity's prediction for the deflection of starlight by the Sun during the total solar eclipse of May 29 1919 making Einstein instantly famous. Yet the theory entered the mainstream of theoretical physics and astrophysics only with","universe is called the Eddington number. In terms of number of particles some estimates imply that nearly all the matter excluding dark matter occurs in neutrinos and that roughly elementary particles of matter exist in the visible universe mostly neutrinos. Other estimates imply that roughly elementary particles exist in the","was confirmed by many experiments starting with Arthur Eddington's 1919 solar eclipse expedition. The changing rates of clocks allowed Einstein to conclude that light waves change frequency as they move and the frequency/energy relationship for photons allowed him to see that this was best interpreted as the effect of the","objection was later repeated by supporters of the steady state theory. This perception was enhanced by the fact that the originator of the Big Bang theory Georges Lemaître was a Roman Catholic priest. Arthur Eddington agreed with Aristotle that the universe did not have a beginning in time viz. that","and KLM conducted talks on a potential merger reaching a decision in July to file an official merger plan with the European Commission. The plan fell through in September 2000. British Asia Airways ceased operations in 2001 after BA suspended flights to Taipei. Go was sold to its management and","This was a particularly remarkable development since at that time fusion and thermonuclear energy and even that stars are largely composed of hydrogen (see metallicity) had not yet been discovered. Eddington's paper based on knowledge at the time reasoned that: All of these speculations were proven correct in the following","limit at ) has no stable solutions. His arguments were opposed by many of his contemporaries like Eddington and Lev Landau who argued that some yet unknown mechanism would stop the collapse. They were partly correct: a white dwarf slightly more massive than the Chandrasekhar limit will collapse into a","Berlin University on 1 April 1914. As World War I broke out that year the plan for Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Physics was aborted. The institute was established on 1 October 1917 with Einstein as its Director. In 1916 Einstein was elected president of the German Physical Society (1916\u20131918). Based","formation possible. However he was unwilling to accept that this could happen. After a talk by Chandrasekhar on the limit in 1935 he replied: Eddington's proposed solution to the perceived problem was to modify relativistic mechanics so as to make the law formula_13 universally applicable even for large \"ρ\". Although"],"title":["General relativity","Elementary particle","Gravitational redshift","Big Bang","British Airways","Arthur Eddington","Black hole","Albert Einstein","Chandrasekhar limit"],"word":"eddington","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12024","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11274","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10346","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4116","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3970","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2274","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4650","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=736","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6813"]}
	{"docID":[4650],"text":["Eddington showed that the singularity disappeared after a change of coordinates (see Eddington\u2013Finkelstein coordinates) although it took until 1933 for Georges Lemaître to realize that this meant the singularity at the Schwarzschild radius was a non-physical coordinate singularity. Arthur Eddington did however comment on the possibility of a star with"],"title":["Black hole"],"word":"eddingtonfinkelstein","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4650"]}
	{"docID":[2274],"text":["idea of human freedom\" and his Science and the Unseen World (1929) for support of philosophical idealism \"the thesis that reality is basically mental\". Charles De Koninck points out that Eddington believed in objective reality existing apart from our minds but was using the phrase \"mind-stuff\" to highlight the inherent"],"title":["Arthur Eddington"],"word":"eddingtonsai","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2274"]}
	{"docID":[7406],"text":["and changed names to leave just seven\u2014Broxton Bucklow Eddisbury Macclesfield Nantwich Northwich and Wirral. In 1397 the county had lands in the march of Wales added to its territory and was promoted to the rank of principality. This was because of the support the men of the county had given"],"title":["Cheshire"],"word":"eddisburi","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7406"]}
	{"docID":[4041],"text":["of Eutropius a pagan historian. He used Constantius's \"Life of Germanus\" as a source for Germanus's visits to Britain. Bede's account of the invasion of the Anglo-Saxons is drawn largely from Gildas's \"De Excidio et Conquestu Britanniae\". Bede would also have been familiar with more recent accounts such as Eddius"],"title":["Bede"],"word":"eddiu","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4041"]}
	{"docID":[11339],"text":["Corporation<br> ECL<br> ECLIPSE<br> ECM<br> ECMA<br> e-commerce<br> Econet<br> ECOOP<br> ECP<br> ECRC<br> ECRC-Prolog<br> ECSL<br> ECSP<br> ECSS II<br> ECSSL<br> ed<br> EDA<br> e-ddress<br> Eden<br> EDF<br> EDI<br> EDIF<br> EDIFACT<br> Edinburgh Multi Access System<br> Edinburgh Prolog<br> Edinburgh SML<br> Edison<br> EDL<br> EDM<br> EdML<br> EDMS<br> EDO DRAM<br> EDO memory<br> EDO RAM<br> EDP<br> EDRAM<br> e-dress<br> EDS+<br> edu<br> edutainment<br> Edward"],"title":["Wikipedia:Free On-line Dictionary of Computing/E - H"],"word":"eddressbr","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11339"]}
	{"docID":[9993],"text":["plural \"Eddur\") is an Old Norse term that has been attributed by modern scholars to the collective of two Medieval Icelandic literary works: what is now known as the \"Prose Edda\" and an older collection of poems without an original title now known as the \"Poetic Edda\". The term historically"],"title":["Edda"],"word":"eddur","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9993"]}
	{"docID":[2015],"text":["thermohaline and the eddy/meander mechanisms are likely to be important. The current flows at a rate of about over the Macquarie Ridge south of New Zealand. The ACC varies with time. Evidence of this is the Antarctic Circumpolar Wave a periodic oscillation that affects the climate of much of the"],"title":["Antarctic Circumpolar Current"],"word":"eddymeand","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2015"]}
	{"docID":[9251,6670,8166,8687,5762,5371],"text":["Smeaton designed the third Eddystone Lighthouse (1755\u201359) where he pioneered the use of 'hydraulic lime' (a form of mortar which will set under water) and developed a technique involving dovetailed blocks of granite in the building of the lighthouse. His lighthouse remained in use until 1877 and was dismantled and","third Eddystone Lighthouse (1755\u201359) in the English Channel now known as Smeaton's Tower. He needed a hydraulic mortar that would set and develop some strength in the twelve-hour period between successive high tides. He performed experiments with combinations of different limestones and additives including trass and pozzolanas and did exhaustive","respectively). Since 1974 the county is ranked fourth by area (due to the creation of Cumbria) amongst ceremonial counties and is the third largest non-metropolitan county. The island of Lundy and the reef of Eddystone are also in Devon. The county has more mileage of road than any other county","has come in 2013 and 2014. Construction activity particularly rehabilitation of historic downtown buildings has increased markedly. The number of vacant downtown buildings has dropped from nearly 50 to around 13. Among the most notable redevelopment projects are the Book Cadillac Hotel and the Fort Shelby Hotel; the David Broderick","engineer was John Smeaton who constructed the Eddystone Lighthouse. In 1771 Smeaton and some of his colleagues formed the Smeatonian Society of Civil Engineers a group of leaders of the profession who met informally over dinner. Though there was evidence of some technical meetings it was little more than a","the modern use of concrete was Smeaton's Tower the third Eddystone Lighthouse in Devon England. To create this structure between 1756 and 1759 British engineer John Smeaton pioneered the use of hydraulic lime in concrete using pebbles and powdered brick as aggregate. Developed in England in the 19th century a"],"title":["Engineering","Cement","Devon","Detroit","Civil engineering","Concrete"],"word":"eddyston","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9251","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6670","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8166","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8687","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5762","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5371"]}
	{"docID":[5233],"text":["the starting point of modern botanical nomenclature in 1753. The first volume was issued on 24 May the second volume followed on 16 August of the same year. The book contained 1200 pages and was published in two volumes; it described over 7300 species. The same year the king dubbed"],"title":["Carl Linnaeus"],"word":"edebi","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5233"]}
	{"docID":[9008],"text":["account holders. This card is branded as KNET which is the central switch in Kuwait. KNET card transactions are free for both customer and the merchant and therefore KNET debit cards are used for low valued transactions as well. KNET cards are mostly co-branded as Maestro or Visa Electron which"],"title":["Debit card"],"word":"edebit","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9008"]}
	{"docID":[9432],"text":["Wall of Light\" (by Edeet Ravel). The judges Warren Cariou Elizabeth Hay and Richard B. Wright noted \"\"The Time in Between\" explores our need to understand the relationship between love and duty...[] This is a subtle and elegantly written novel by an author in complete command of his talent\". It"],"title":["The Time in Between"],"word":"edeet","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9432"]}
	{"docID":[12922],"text":["knowledge (εἶδειν \"eídein\") as with the French \"connaître\" compared with \"savoir\" the Spanish \"conocer\" compared with \"saber\" or the German \"kennen\" rather than \"wissen\". A related term is the adjective \"gnostikos\" \"cognitive\" a reasonably common adjective in Classical Greek. Plato uses the plural adjective γνωστικοί \u2013 \"gnostikoi\" and the singular"],"title":["Gnosis"],"word":"edein","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12922"]}
	{"docID":[2006,5597,5593],"text":["Winston Churchill ordered that such a plan be prepared but he was told that precision bombing the camp to free the prisoners or disrupt the railway was not technically feasible. In 1978 historian David S. Wyman published an essay titled \"Why Auschwitz Was Never Bombed\" arguing that the United States","presidential election Klerides tried to form a government of national unity by including six ministers from Klerides' Democratic Rally party two ministers from the socialist EDEK three from the Democratic Party (who broke ranks with party leader Spyros Kyprianou) and one from the United Democrats. However a national unity government","veto over certain types of legislation and executive decisions. Legislative power rested on the House of Representatives who were also elected on the basis of separate voters' rolls. Since 1965 following clashes between the two communities the Turkish Cypriot seats in the House remain vacant. In 1974 Cyprus was divided"],"title":["Auschwitz concentration camp","Politics of Cyprus","Cyprus"],"word":"edek","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2006","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5597","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5593"]}
	{"docID":[10612],"text":["1976 dropped sharply again from the mid-1980s to end at just 101.6 million visits in 1989. However the availability of a back catalogue of films on video also allowed for a different relationship between the viewer and an individual film while private TV channels brought new money into the film"],"title":["Cinema of Germany"],"word":"edel","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10612"]}
	{"docID":[2504],"text":["the latter method may be used on samples that test positive using other methods to help distinguish between the various sources of the drug. Amphetamine was first synthesized in 1887 in Germany by Romanian chemist Lazăr Edeleanu who named it \"phenylisopropylamine\"; its stimulant effects remained unknown until 1927 when it"],"title":["Amphetamine"],"word":"edeleanu","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2504"]}
	{"docID":[2216],"text":["eventually handed over or sold by the kidnappers to the Abu Sayyaf in Basilan province. In May ex-Philippine National Police (PNP) officer Jun A. Malban was arrested in Kota Kinabalu Malaysia for the crime of \"Kidnapping for Ransom\" after Rodwell identified him as the negotiator/spokesperson of the Abu Sayyaf Group"],"title":["Abu Sayyaf"],"word":"edeliza","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2216"]}
	{"docID":[2362,5664,11646,11512,12333],"text":["on characterizing the structures of the antibody proteins. A major advance in these structural studies was the discovery in the early 1960s by Gerald Edelman and Joseph Gally of the antibody light chain and their realization that this protein is the same as the Bence-Jones protein described in 1845 by","theories is that phenomenal states somehow integrate neural activities and information-processing that would otherwise be independent. This has been called the \"integration consensus\". Another example has been proposed by Gerald Edelman called dynamic core hypothesis which puts emphasis on reentrant connections that reciprocally link areas of the brain in a","that these are mutually exclusive: Social sciences should not attempt to impose positivist methodology nor to claim objective or definite results: In \"The Sensory Order: An Inquiry into the Foundations of Theoretical Psychology\" (1952) Hayek independently developed a \"Hebbian learning\" model of learning and memoryan idea he first conceived in","floating-point errors). A few \"FFT\" algorithms have been proposed however that compute the DFT \"approximately\" with an error that can be made arbitrarily small at the expense of increased computations. Such algorithms trade the approximation error for increased speed or other properties. For example an approximate FFT algorithm by Edelman","brought issues of anti-Semitism into the political mainstream on the basis that senior ministers in the Liberal government had secretly profited from advanced knowledge of deals regarding wireless telegraphy. Some of the key players were Jewish. Historian Todd Edelman identifies Catholic writers as central critics: The most virulent attacks in"],"title":["Antibody","Consciousness","Friedrich Hayek","Fast Fourier transform","G. K. Chesterton"],"word":"edelman","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2362","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5664","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11646","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11512","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12333"]}
	{"docID":[4675],"text":["in the Department of Prints and Drawings in the British Museum compiled between 1870 and 1954 is the definitive reference work for the study of British Satirical prints. Over 500000 objects from the department are now on the online collection database many with high quality images. A 2011 donation of"],"title":["British Museum"],"word":"edelmann","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4675"]}
	{"docID":[2919],"text":["Edelmira Nin y Culmell (February 21 1903 \u2013 January 14 1977) known professionally as Anaïs Nin was an American diarist essayist novelist and writer of short stories and erotica. Born to Cuban parents in France Nin was the daughter of composer Joaquín Nin and Rosa Culmell a classically trained singer."],"title":["Anaïs Nin"],"word":"edelmira","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919"]}
	{"docID":[8864],"text":["higher dimension (as proved by Edelsbrunner and Shah) the runtime can be exponential in the dimension even if the final Delaunay triangulation is small. The Bowyer\u2013Watson algorithm provides another approach for incremental construction. It gives an alternative to edge flipping for computing the Delaunay triangles containing a newly inserted vertex."],"title":["Delaunay triangulation"],"word":"edelsbrunn","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8864"]}
	{"docID":[9764],"text":["of \"Mother Earth\" in 1907 while Goldman toured the country to raise funds to keep it operating. Editing the magazine was a revitalizing experience for Berkman; his relationship with Goldman faltered however and he had an affair with a 15-year-old anarchist named Becky Edelsohn. Goldman was pained by his rejection"],"title":["Emma Goldman"],"word":"edelsohn","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764"]}
	{"docID":[9979],"text":["on a sound stage the result was that they felt inauthentic. In \"The Washington Post\" Stephen Hunter wrote \"Kubrick is annoyingly offhand while at the same time grindingly pedantic; plot points are made over and over again things are explained till the dawn threatens to break in the east and"],"title":["Eyes Wide Shut"],"word":"edelstein","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9979"]}
	{"docID":[981,746,1088,4566,8651],"text":["to elevations of and plants such as Edelweiss grow in rocky areas in lower elevations as well as in higher elevations. Evidence of human habitation in the Alps goes back to the Palaeolithic era. A mummified man determined to be 5000 years old was discovered on a glacier at the","of the Soviet Union's oil on the Eastern Front being supplied by Baku. By the Decree of the Supreme Soviet of the USSR in February 1942 the commitment of more than 500 workers and employees of the oil industry of Azerbaijan were awarded orders and medals. Operation Edelweiss carried out","the strategic energy policy of Soviet Union. Much of the Soviet Union's oil on the Eastern Front was supplied by Baku. By a decree of the Supreme Soviet of the USSR in February 1942 the commitment of more than 500 workers and employees of the oil industry of Azerbaijan was","the Soviet Union serving as a commercial bridgehead to Iran and the Middle East. Baku's growing importance as a major energy hub remained in sight of the major powers. During World War II and the Nazi German invasion of the southwestern Soviet Union Baku had become of vital strategic importance.","mine the SNOLAB underground laboratory at Sudbury the Gran Sasso National Laboratory the Canfranc Underground Laboratory the Boulby Underground Laboratory the Deep Underground Science and Engineering Laboratory and the China Jinping Underground Laboratory. These experiments mostly use either cryogenic or noble liquid detector technologies. Cryogenic detectors operating at temperatures below"],"title":["Alps","Azerbaijan","Azerbaijani Armed Forces","Baku","Dark matter"],"word":"edelweiss","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=981","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=746","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1088","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4566","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8651"]}
	{"docID":[5672,5667,12835,12957,13258,967,2992,1537,1557],"text":["The biogeochemistry of cadmium and its release to the environment has been the subject of review as has the speciation of cadmium in the environment. Individuals and organizations have been reviewing cadmium's bioinorganic aspects for its toxicity. The most dangerous form of occupational exposure to cadmium is inhalation of fine","of hydrochloric acid in the stomach and in cellular pump functions. The main dietary source is table salt or sodium chloride. Overly low or high concentrations of chloride in the blood are examples of electrolyte disturbances. Hypochloremia (having too little chloride) rarely occurs in the absence of other abnormalities. Its","The \"Persian victories\" mentioned were probably victory celebrations over the brief Roman\u2013Sasanian War (421\u2013422) under the respective leadership of Theodosius II and Bahram V of the Sasanian Empire. The \"Saracens of Hira\" were the Lakhmids of al-Hirah a pre-Islamic Arab state that was located in what is now Iraq. On","it would become part of Petrarch's library. However upon Boccaccio's death his entire collection was given to the monastery of Santo Spirito in Florence where it still","are irritants. Hydrogen fluoride and hydrogen chloride are highly acidic. Hydrogen fluoride is used as an industrial chemical and is highly toxic causing pulmonary edema and damaging cells. Hydrogen chloride is also a dangerous chemical. Breathing in gas with more than fifty parts per million of hydrogen chloride can cause",") it is seen in about 2% of ADEM cases and is characterized by necrotizing vasculitis of venules and hemorrhage and edema. Death is common in the first week and overall mortality is about 70% but increasing evidence points to favorable outcomes after aggressive treatment with corticosteroids immunoglobulins cyclophosphamide and","shown to improve healing time reduce edema prevent knee flexion contractures and reduce complications including further amputation from external trauma such as falls onto the stump and should be considered standard practice. Post-operative management in addition to wound healing should consider maintenance of limb strength joint range edema management preservation","serious amid 97733 acupuncture patients. The most common adverse effect observed was infection (e.g. mycobacterium) and the majority of infections were bacterial in nature caused by skin contact at the needling site. Infection has also resulted from skin contact with unsterilized equipment or with dirty towels in an unhygienic clinical","Agrippina and Livilla were exiled by their brother to the Pontine Islands. Caligula sold their furniture jewellery slaves and freedmen. In January 40 CE Domitius died of edema (dropsy) at Pyrgi. Lucius had gone to live with his second paternal aunt Domitia Lepida the Younger after Caligula had taken his"],"title":["Cadmium","Chlorine","Galla Placidia","Giovanni Boccaccio","Halogen","Acute disseminated encephalomyelitis","Amputation","Acupuncture","Agrippina the Younger"],"word":"edema","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5672","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5667","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12835","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12957","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13258","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=967","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2992","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1537","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1557"]}
	{"docID":[1384,4621,4572,4545,2178,2339,2335,4211,1773,1178,984,3914,3217,3067,954,844,2134,4298,5635,5648,5943,5766,7482,7502,7239,7840,6629,7080,7954,7940,6851,6824,5211,4960,5048,8167,5323,5405,5321,6024,4721,13219,12239,13078,12855,12997,9971,8875,8785,9428,9602,12426,12460,9724,9662,9734,10186,12734,12622,12667],"text":["the Alcotts over a two-year period. They moved to the farm on June 1 and optimistically named it \"Fruitlands\" despite only ten old apple trees on the property. In July Alcott announced their plans in \"The Dial\": \"We have made an arrangement with the proprieter of an estate of about","Bulletins during BBC Breakfast are presented by Sally Nugent or Mike Bushell with the latter also appearing on other sports bulletins on the channel. As of March 2012 the main sports presenters on the channel are Olly Foster Katie Gornall Katherine Downes Damian Johnson Andrew Lindsay and Jenny Culshaw. Until","the knee and that he was still covered by the royal pardon. The remaining pirates were hanged then left to rot in gibbets along Williamsburg's Capitol Landing Road (known for some time after as \"Gallows Road\"). Governor Eden was certainly embarrassed by Spotswood's invasion of North Carolina and Spotswood disavowed","subcultures in the 1990s it has since spread into wider parts of western societies. Although it would be possible to establish certain elements related to BDSM in classical theater not until the emergence of contemporary theatre would some plays have BDSM as the main theme. Exemplifying this are two works:","Donnelly drew parallels between creation stories in the Old and New Worlds attributing the connections to Atlantis where he believed the Biblical Garden of Eden existed. As implied by the title of his book he also believed that Atlantis was destroyed by the Great Flood mentioned in the Bible. Donnelly","People\" (with David Gray) 1924 (filmed in 1925 and as \"Fast and Loose\" in 1930) the song-farce \"Naughty Cinderella\" 1925 starring Irene Bordoni and \"The Garden of Eden\" in 1927 (filmed in 1928 as \"The Garden of Eden\"). Hopwood was asked to write the third act of Mary Roberts Rinehart's","Eden. It is variously interpreted as either the language used by God to address Adam (the divine language) or the language invented by Adam with which he named all things (including Eve) as in . Traditional Jewish exegesis such as Midrash (Genesis Rabbah 38) says that Adam spoke Hebrew because","Richard Dawkins in his book \"River Out of Eden\" used the computer bootstrapping concept to explain how biological cells differentiate: \"Different cells receive different combinations of chemicals which switch on different combinations of genes and some genes work to switch other genes on or off. And so the bootstrapping continues","worn by Wally Schirra. In November 2003 the Smithsonian Institution in Washington D.C. requested them back for display at their new annex at the Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center. Currently the Apollo 7 CM is on loan to the Frontiers of Flight Museum located next to Love Field in Dallas Texas.","thus cleansing Earth of all sin. The universe will be then free from sin forever. This is called the second death. On the new earth God will provide an eternal home for all the redeemed and a perfect environment for everlasting life where Eden will be restored. The great controversy","\"Snow Upon the Desert\" in Cairo and drew from her recent experiences in that city written under the pseudonym Monosyllaba. She was perturbed when various publishers all declined. Clara suggested that her daughter ask for advice from a family friend and neighbour writer Eden Philpotts who obliged her enquiry encouraged","Gatland was reappointed as Lions Head Coach for the tour to New Zealand in June and July 2017. In April 2016 it was announced that the side would again be captained again by Sam Warburton. The touring schedule included 10 games: an opening game against the Provincial Barbarians challenge matches","from \"Army of Darkness\" could not specifically be mentioned in the","of the four rivers of the Garden of Eden. Western travelers in the 19th century mention that one of the names by which the river was known in Afghanistan was Gozan and that this name was used by Greek Mongol Chinese Persian Jewish and Afghan historians. However this name is","Berlin central library in Wilmersdorf. Speer was a voracious reader and he completed well over 500 books in the first three years at Spandau alone. He read classic novels travelogues books on ancient Egypt and biographies of such figures as Lucas Cranach Édouard Manet and Genghis Khan. Speer took to","Saturday in August. The annual Uitmarkt is a three-day cultural event at the start of the cultural season in late August. It offers previews of many different artists such as musicians and poets who perform on podia. Amsterdam is home of the \"Eredivisie\" football club AFC Ajax. The stadium Johan","2006 the main part of the treasure found in the end is the Ark of the Covenant. The power of the Ark comes from charged static electricity from different metal plates like a giant battery. It appears in the video game \"Assassin's Creed\" (2007) where Robert de Sablé found a","represented taking off the trappings of sinful self so that the \"new man\" which is given by Jesus can be put on. 3. As St. Cyril again asserts above as Adam and Eve in scripture were naked innocent and unashamed in the Garden of Eden nakedness during baptism was seen","mainland of South America at the Paria Peninsula. Exploring the new continent Columbus correctly interpreted the enormous quantity of fresh water that the Orinoco delivered into the Atlantic Ocean as evidence that he had reached a large landmass rather than another island. As he sailed the Gulf of Paria he","make it a popular tourist destination despite being somewhat distant from the United Kingdom's main centres of population. Surrounded on three sides by the English Channel and Celtic Sea Cornwall has many miles of beaches and cliffs; the South West Coast Path follows a complete circuit of both coasts. Other","to redeem for himself a people through the death and resurrection of Christ. The incarnation of Christ is the centrepoint of the Bible and all history. The Old Testament is understood to contain a number of covenants and \"types\" which are fulfilled in the past and future work of Jesus.","led by Aneurin Bevan. Many Labour MPs felt that Attlee should have retired after the 1951 election and allowed a younger man to lead the party. Bevan openly called for him to stand down in the summer of 1954. One of his main reasons for staying on as leader was","existed at the beginning of the world. Some scholars have seen in the story of the Garden of Eden an instance of this general motif. Sacrifice is an element in many religious traditions and often represented in myths. In \"The Oxford Companion to World Mythology\" David Leeming lists the story","more focused on the practicalities of understanding how one may live a sacred life in the world according to God's will rather than a hope of a future one. Judaism does not believe in the Christian concept of hell but does have a punishment stage in the afterlife (i.e. Gehenna","1996 championship was held in the Indian subcontinent for a second time with the inclusion of Sri Lanka as host for some of its group stage matches. In the semi-final Sri Lanka heading towards a crushing victory over India at Eden Gardens after the hosts lost eight wickets while scoring","He then enters the Sea of Eden \"Another\" world's physical equivalent of the Dead Sea finding a temporal research facility from the distant future called Chronopolis. Lynx and Kid are inside; Serge defeats Lynx and the supercomputer FATE allowing the six Dragons of El Nido to steal the Frozen Flame","role in \"Candide\". The first location commonly identified as a garden is the castle of the Baron from which Candide and Cunégonde are evicted much in the same fashion as Adam and Eve are evicted from the Garden of Eden in the Book of Genesis. Cyclically the main characters of","of the heavens)\". There is a facsimile edition with an English translation by Alec Eden. In this work Doppler postulated his principle (later coined the Doppler effect) that the observed frequency of a wave depends on the relative speed of the source and the observer and he later tried to","itself or the punk scene were safe havens anymore for \"your tired your poor your huddled masses yearning to breathe free\". The album contains a number of fast/short songs interspersed with jazz (\"D.M.S.O.\") spoken word (\"A Commercial\") and psychedelia (\"Cesspools In Eden\"). The lyrical focus is more introspective and earnest","such as A. E. van Vogt's \"Black Destroyer\" Coeurl (the Displacer Beast) Lewis Carroll's \"Jabberwocky\" (vorpal sword) and the Book of Genesis (the clerical spell 'Blade Barrier' was inspired by the \"flaming sword which turned every way\" at the gates of Eden). \"Dungeons & Dragons\" has gone through several revisions.","at 7:30 pm. The 1980s featured some of the most prominent storylines in the programme's history such as Deirdre Barlow's affair with Mike Baldwin in 1983 the first soap storyline to receive widespread media attention. The feud between Ken Barlow and Mike Baldwin would continue for many years with Mike even","Welfare Medal the Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction for his book \"The Dragons of Eden\" and regarding \"Cosmos: A Personal Voyage\" two Emmy Awards the Peabody Award and the Hugo Award. He married three times and had five children. After suffering from myelodysplasia Sagan died of pneumonia at the age","identifying Christ and in depictions of the Garden of Eden this looks forward to an Incarnation yet to occur. In some Early Christian sarcophagi the Logos is distinguished with a beard \"which allows him to appear ancient even preexistent.\" The Trinity is an essential doctrine of mainstream Christianity. From earlier","labour. The fall of France had not been anticipated in Government planning and the encirclement of a large part of the British Expeditionary Force into the Dunkirk pocket resulted in a hasty evacuation of that part of the B.E.F following the abandonment of their equipment. The parlous state of affairs","we have to do\". According to the doctrine Adam was once a mortal man who became resurrected and exalted. From another planet Adam brought Eve one of his wives with him to the earth where they became mortal by eating the fruit of the Garden of Eden. After bearing mortal","Bridges; and the \"Beast of Dartmoor\" a supposed big cat. Dartmoor has inspired a number of artists and writers such as Sir Arthur Conan Doyle in \"The Hound of the Baskervilles\" and \"The Adventure of Silver Blaze\" R. D. Blackmore Eden Phillpotts Beatrice Chase Agatha Christie Rosamunde Pilcher and the","paradigms are science technology and mathematics. Peter Denning's working group argued that they are theory abstraction (modeling) and design. Amnon H. Eden described them as the \"rationalist paradigm\" (which treats computer science as a branch of mathematics which is prevalent in theoretical computer science and mainly employs deductive reasoning) the","is first attested in Richard Eden's 1555 translation of the 1516 journal of the Portuguese explorer Duarte Barbosa. The demonym that is the name for the people and adjectival form \"Chinese\" developed later on the model of Portuguese ' and French '. Portuguese \"China\" is thought to derive from Persian","gold medal at the 1998 Winter Olympics and has won twelve gold medals at the World Championships (including 6 as Czechoslovakia) including three straight from 1999 to 2001. Former NHL superstars Jaromír Jágr and Dominik Hašek are among the best known Czech hockey players of all time. The Czechoslovakia national","affirm today. This framework orders God's life with people primarily in two covenants: the covenant of works and the covenant of grace. The covenant of works is made with Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden. The terms of the covenant are that God provides a blessed life in","Malaya within the Commonwealth. In 1963 the 11 states of the federation together with Singapore Sarawak and North Borneo joined to form Malaysia but in 1965 Chinese-majority Singapore was expelled from the union following tensions between the Malay and Chinese populations. Brunei which had been a British protectorate since 1888","anybody enjoyed it except a few critics.\" Hawks was dissatisfied with the film after being certain that dramatic films would establish his reputation but realized what he had done wrong when Sol Wurtzel told Hawks \"Look you've shown you can make a picture but for God's sake go out and","\"East of Eden\" Fyodor Dostoyevsky's \"Crime and Punishment\" Tennessee Williams' \"A Streetcar Named Desire\" William Shakespeare's play \"Macbeth\" Edgar Allan Poe's \"The Tell-Tale Heart\" and \"The Black Cat\" and many other works of literature. In Sartre's \"The Flies\" the Furies (in the form of flies) represent the morbid strangling forces","Eden The Garden of Eden (Hebrew גַּן עֵדֶן \"Gan ʿEḏen\") or (often) Paradise is the biblical \"garden of God\" described most notably in the Book of Genesis chapters 2 and 3 and also in the Book of Ezekiel. Genesis 13:10 refers to the \"garden of God\" (not called \"Eden\" by","Broadway in November and was coolly received; according to \"The Times\": \"Mr Shaw on this occasion has more than usual to say and takes twice as long as usual to say it\". After the London premiere in October 1921 \"The Times\" concurred with the American critics: \"As usual with Mr","August 1886 Carver traveled by wagon with J. F. Beeler from Highland to Eden Township in Ness County Kansas. He homesteaded a claim near Beeler where he maintained a small conservatory of plants and flowers and a geological collection. He manually plowed of the claim planting rice corn Indian corn","Turner Chase & Status Plan B Blink-182 Noah and the Whale and The Vaccines. The 2013 Eden Sessions were headlined by: Kaiser Chiefs Jessie J Eddie Izzard Sigur Rós and The xx. The 2014 Eden Sessions were","thriller \"Darwin's Blade\" (2000) while the adult Cordie Cooke appears in \"Fires of Eden\" (1994). Soon after \"Summer of Night\" (1991) Simmons who had written mostly horror fiction began to focus on writing science fiction although in 2007 he returned with a work of historical fiction and horror \"The Terror\".","allusion to Eden. By the end the poet's older voice has taken over mourning his lost youth with echoes of the opening: The poem uses internal half rhyme and full rhyme as well as end rhyme. Thomas was very conscious of the impact of spoken or intoned verse and explored","liver disease and arteriosclerosis\". In November 1956 while staying in Paris he was reminded of trunks he had stored in the Ritz Hotel in 1928 and never retrieved. Upon re-claiming and opening the trunks Hemingway discovered they were filled with notebooks and writing from his Paris years. Excited about the","Indulf son of Constantine II the \"burh\" (fortress) named in the 10th century \"Pictish Chronicle\" as \"oppidum Eden\" was abandoned to the Scots. It thenceforth remained under their jurisdiction. The royal burgh was founded by King David I in the early 12th century on land belonging to the Crown though","nose and what have you\" he said. \"And when he saw me he was weak but he was there; and he put his fingers on the tubes and played them like it was a clarinet. Groucho played the tubes for me which brings me to tears.\" Marx was hospitalized at","jealousy.\" Green today is not commonly associated in Europe and the United States with love and sexuality but in stories of the medieval period it sometimes represented love and the base natural desires of man. It was the color of the serpent in the Garden of Eden who caused the","age of 21. With her three small sons of whom Eden was the eldest she returned to England and settled in Plymouth. Phillpotts was educated at Mannamead School in Plymouth. At school he showed no signs of a literary bent. In 1879 aged 17 he left home and went to London to","changed to Israel. The goal of the divine plan as revealed in Exodus is a return to humanity's state in Eden so that God can dwell with the Israelites as he had with Adam and Eve through the Ark and Tabernacle which together form a model of the universe; in","Eden Phillpotts and published in 1904 and adapted into a film by the same name in 1929. The story concerns an English woman who lives at Fox Tor farm and an American captured during the American Revolutionary War and held at the prison at Princetown on Dartmoor. The heroine's father","breach of our fallen nature and restored to God's grace. To Orthodox Christians this process is what is meant by \"salvation\" which consists of the Christian life. The ultimate goal is theosis \u2013 an even closer union with God and closer likeness to God than existed in the Garden of","return to the Garden of Eden after she mated with archangel Samael. Her story was greatly developed during the Middle Ages in the tradition of Aggadic midrashim the Zohar and Jewish mysticism. The Zohar tradition has influenced Jewish folkore which postulates God created Adam to marry a woman named Lilith.","Gothic and supernatural horror tradition in his \"Supernatural Horror in Literature\" (1936) as well as developing a Mythos that would influence Gothic and contemporary horror well into the 21st century. Lovecraft's protégé Robert Bloch contributed to \"Weird Tales\" and penned \"Psycho\" (1959) which drew on the classic interests of the","all the animals in the Garden of Eden but instructs them not to eat the fruit of the tree of knowledge of good and evil. A talking serpent portrayed as a deceptive creature or trickster entices Eve into eating it anyway and she entices Adam whereupon God throws them out"],"title":["Amos Bronson Alcott","BBC News (TV channel)","Blackbeard","BDSM","Atlantis","Avery Hopwood","Adamic language","Bootstrapping","Apollo 7","Afterlife","Agatha Christie","British and Irish Lions","Army of Darkness","Amu Darya","Albert Speer","Amsterdam","Ark of the Covenant","Baptism","Christopher Columbus","Cornwall","Christian eschatology","Clement Attlee","Christian mythology","Christianity and Judaism","Cricket World Cup","Chrono Cross","Candide","Christian Doppler","Dead Kennedys","Dungeons &amp; Dragons","Coronation Street","Carl Sagan","Christianity","Birmingham Small Arms Company","Brigham Young","Dartmoor","Computer science","China","Czech Republic","Calvinism","British Empire","Howard Hawks","Guilt (emotion)","Garden of Eden","George Bernard Shaw","George Washington Carver","Eden Project","Dan Simmons","Fern Hill","Ernest Hemingway","Edinburgh","Groucho Marx","Green","Eden Phillpotts","Book of Exodus","The American Prisoner","Eastern Orthodox Church","Goddess","Gothic fiction","Book of Genesis"],"word":"eden","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1384","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4621","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4572","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4545","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2178","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2335","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4211","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1773","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1178","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=984","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3914","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3217","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3067","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=954","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=844","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2134","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4298","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5635","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5648","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5943","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5766","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7482","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7502","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7239","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7840","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6629","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7080","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7954","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7940","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6851","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6824","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5211","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4960","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5048","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8167","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5323","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5405","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5321","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6024","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4721","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13219","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12239","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13078","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12855","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12997","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9971","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8875","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8785","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9428","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9602","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12426","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12460","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10186","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12734","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12622","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12667"]}
	{"docID":[12997],"text":["because his son Henry A. Wallace and the researcher were friends. The younger Wallace served as U.S. Secretary of Agriculture from 1933 to 1940 and as Franklin Delano Roosevelt's vice president from 1941 to 1945. The American industrialist farmer and inventor William Edenborn of Winn Parish Louisiana grew peanuts on"],"title":["George Washington Carver"],"word":"edenborn","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12997"]}
	{"docID":[11339],"text":["ECL<br> ECLIPSE<br> ECM<br> ECMA<br> e-commerce<br> Econet<br> ECOOP<br> ECP<br> ECRC<br> ECRC-Prolog<br> ECSL<br> ECSP<br> ECSS II<br> ECSSL<br> ed<br> EDA<br> e-ddress<br> Eden<br> EDF<br> EDI<br> EDIF<br> EDIFACT<br> Edinburgh Multi Access System<br> Edinburgh Prolog<br> Edinburgh SML<br> Edison<br> EDL<br> EDM<br> EdML<br> EDMS<br> EDO DRAM<br> EDO memory<br> EDO RAM<br> EDP<br> EDRAM<br> e-dress<br> EDS+<br> edu<br> edutainment<br> Edward Lorenz<br>"],"title":["Wikipedia:Free On-line Dictionary of Computing/E - H"],"word":"edenbr","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11339"]}
	{"docID":[888],"text":["born on a farm in Edenburg (a Russian Mennonite community east of Gretna Manitoba Canada). Until age four van Vogt and his family spoke only a dialect of Low German at home. Van Vogt's father a lawyer moved his family several times. His son found these moves difficult remarking in"],"title":["A. E. van Vogt"],"word":"edenburg","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=888"]}
	{"docID":[10573,6176],"text":["in California and in 1915 decided to build its own permanent studio. The company leased the Edendale studio of the Selig Polyscope Company until its own studio located at Western Avenue and Sunset Boulevard was completed in 1916. In 1917 William Fox sent Sol M. Wurtzel to Hollywood to oversee","New Orleans. His tentative plan was to shoot a film in Arizona but he disliked the quality of light he saw there. He continued to Los Angeles. Once there he chose not to shoot in Edendale where many studios were but in Hollywood. He also flouted the dictum that a"],"title":["Fox Film","Cecil B. DeMille"],"word":"edendal","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10573","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6176"]}
	{"docID":[9602],"text":["royal charter c.1124\u20131127 by King David I granting a toft in \"burgo meo de Edenesburg\" to the Priory of Dunfermline. In modern Gaelic the city is called \"Dùn Èideann\" (often rendered Dunedin by English-speakers). The earliest known human habitation in the Edinburgh area was at Cramond where evidence was found"],"title":["Edinburgh"],"word":"edenesburg","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9602"]}
	{"docID":[8630],"text":["snake feeds on the larvae eggs and pupae of ants and termites and is about the size of a large earthworm. Diego Garcia provides suitable foraging and nesting habitat for both the hawksbill turtle (\"Eretmochelys imbricata\") and the green turtle (\"Chelonia mydas\"). Juvenile hawksbills are quite common in the lagoon"],"title":["Diego Garcia"],"word":"edeni","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8630"]}
	{"docID":[11286],"text":["return to an Eden-like paradise will require simple living and a holistic approach to health and diet. Some fruitarians wish like Jains to avoid killing anything including plants and refer to ahimsa fruitarianism. Some fruitarians say that eating some types of fruit does the parent plant a favor and that"],"title":["Fruitarianism"],"word":"edenlik","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11286"]}
	{"docID":[6295],"text":["Later studies also on the topic of nonlinear differential equations were carried out by George David Birkhoff Andrey Nikolaevich Kolmogorov Mary Lucy Cartwright and John Edensor Littlewood and Stephen Smale. Except for Smale these studies were all directly inspired by physics: the three-body problem in the case of Birkhoff turbulence"],"title":["Chaos theory"],"word":"edensor","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6295"]}
	{"docID":[3338],"text":["which jut into the waters of the East River and were once saltmarsh: Hunts Point Clason's Point Screvin's Neck (Castle Hill Point) and Throgs Neck. The East Bronx has older tenement buildings low income public housing complexes and multifamily homes as well as single family homes. It includes New York"],"title":["The Bronx"],"word":"edenwald","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3338"]}
	{"docID":[2704,10148,9002],"text":["power. For an achromatic dispersive lens the converse must be adopted. This is at the present day the ordinary type e.g. of telescope objective; the values of the four radii must satisfy the equations (2) and (4). Two other conditions may also be postulated: one is always the elimination of","accident. On 14 January 1934 Kaltenbrunner married Elisabeth Eder (b. 1908) who was from Linz and a Nazi Party member. They had three children. In addition to the children from his marriage Kaltenbrunner had twins Ursula and Wolfgang (b. 1945) with his long-time mistress Gisela Gräfin von Westarp (née Wolf).","Merry Christmas at Grandmother's House (Over the River and Through the Woods)\" and a duet by Danny & Patty \"All I Want for Christmas Is My Two Front Teeth\". Kaye's debut album \"Columbia Presents Danny Kaye\" had been released in 1942 by Columbia Records with songs performed to the accompaniment"],"title":["Optical aberration","Ernst Kaltenbrunner","Danny Kaye"],"word":"eder","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2704","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10148","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9002"]}
	{"docID":[10384],"text":["(four) and Saudi Arabia (five plus eight E-3-derived tanker aircraft). In 1991 when the last aircraft had been delivered E-3s participated in Operation Desert Storm playing a crucial role of directing coalition aircraft against the enemy. Throughout the aircraft's service life numerous upgrades were performed to enhance its capabilities. In"],"title":["Boeing E-3 Sentry"],"word":"ederiv","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10384"]}
	{"docID":[9230],"text":["14 September 1995 The first aircraft to cross the Channel was a balloon in 1785 piloted by Jean Pierre François Blanchard (France) and John Jeffries (US). Louis Blériot (France) piloted the first airplane to cross in 1909. The sport of Channel swimming traces its origins to the latter part of"],"title":["English Channel"],"word":"ederl","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9230"]}
	{"docID":[10802,5224,2152],"text":["and sensibility is \"The Invisible Man\" (1933) directed by Englishman James Whale and photographed by American Arthur Edeson. Edeson later photographed \"The Maltese Falcon\" (1941) widely regarded as the first major film noir of the classic era. Josef von Sternberg was directing in Hollywood at the same time. Films of","published a list of the 75 best-edited films of all time based on a survey of its membership. \"Citizen Kane\" was listed second. The film currently has a 100% rating at Rotten Tomatoes based on 75 reviews by approved critics with an average rating of 9.4/10. The site's consensus states:","Outstanding Production. It was the first all-talking non-musical film to win the Best Picture Oscar. It also received two further nominations: Best Cinematography for Arthur Edeson and Best Writing Achievement for Abbott Anderson and Andrews. In 2016 it was confirmed that Roger Donaldson will direct a remake of \"All Quiet"],"title":["Film noir","Citizen Kane","All Quiet on the Western Front"],"word":"edeson","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10802","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5224","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2152"]}
	{"docID":[2085,2303,4552,1871,1760,10358,9962,12108,12677,8914,6962],"text":["the Babylonians Chaldeans Medes/Persians Scythians and Cimmerians in 612 BC. Assyria maintained a large and thriving rural population combined with a number of well fortified cities Major Assyrian cities during this period included; Nineveh Assur Kalhu (Calah Nimrud) Arbela (Erbil) Arrapha (Karka Kirkuk) Dur-Sharrukin Imgur-Enlil Carchemish Harran Tushhan Til-Barsip Ekallatum","create languages with a foot in Imperial and a foot in regional Aramaic. The written form of Mandaic the language of the Mandaean religion was descended from the Arsacid chancery script. In the kingdom of Osroene centred on Edessa and founded in 132 BC the regional dialect became the official","of Toulouse and probably imprisoned for life. In a letter to the people of Toulouse undoubtedly written at the end of 1146 Bernard calls upon them to extirpate the last remnants of the heresy. He also preached against Catharism. News came at this time from the Holy Land that alarmed","Edessa had lived in Jerusalem since the western regions of the former crusader County of Edessa were lost in 1150. Patriarch Fulcher objected to the marriage on grounds of consanguinity as the two shared a great-great-grandfather Guy I of Montlhéry and it seems that they waited until Fulcher's death to","over the region. Syrgiannes Palaiologos entrusted with the governorship of Thessalonica deserted to the side of king Stephen Uroš IV Dušan of Serbia and aided their advance in Macedonia. He led the Serbians to take Kastoria Ohrid Prilep Strumica and possibly Edessa circa 1334 and advanced as far as Thessalonica.","world and the city was full of rival philosophies and religions. Ephrem comments that orthodox Nicene Christians were simply called \"Palutians\" in Edessa after a former bishop. Arians Marcionites Manichees Bardaisanites and various gnostic sects proclaimed themselves as the true church. In this confusion Ephrem wrote a great number of","the Crusade Eleanor and Louis were becoming estranged and their differences were only exacerbated while they were abroad. Eleanor's purported relationship with her uncle Raymond the ruler of Antioch was a major source of discord. Eleanor supported her uncle's desire to re-capture the nearby County of Edessa the objective of","is the country's most-visited geographical region with 6.5 million tourists while Central Greece is second with 6.3 million. In 2010 Lonely Planet ranked Greece's northern and second-largest city of Thessaloniki as the world's fifth-best party town worldwide comparable to other cities such as Dubai and Montreal. In 2011 Santorini was","apparently died on the Danube most likely in 258. Ingenuus may have been responsible for that calamity. Alternatively the defeat and capture of Valerian at the battle of Edessa may have been the trigger for the subsequent revolts of Ingenuus Regalianus and Postumus. In any case Gallienus reacted with great","murdered in 1135 on secret orders from his mother Safwat al-Mulk Zumurrud; Isma'il's brother Shihab al-Din Mahmud replaced him. Meanwhile Zengi intent on putting Damascus under his control married Safwat al-Mulk in 1138. Mahmud's reign then ended in 1139 after he was killed for relatively unknown reasons by members of","approve his actions. Fearing the mob they all did. The papal legates refused to attend the second session at which several more orthodox bishops were deposed including Ibas of Edessa Irenaeus of Tyre (a close personal friend of Nestorius) Domnus of Antioch and Theodoret. Dioscorus then pressed his advantage by"],"title":["Assyria","Aramaic language","Bernard of Clairvaux","Amalric of Jerusalem","Andronikos III Palaiologos","Ephrem the Syrian","Eleanor of Aquitaine","Greece","Gallienus","Damascus","Council of Chalcedon"],"word":"edessa","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2085","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2303","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4552","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1871","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1760","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10358","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9962","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12108","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12677","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8914","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962"]}
	{"docID":[11861],"text":["a mild climate and moderately heavy precipitation. It is the second-largest city in Sweden after capital Stockholm. The Gothenburg Metropolitan Area (\"Stor-Göteborg\") has 982360 inhabitants and extends to the municipalities of Ale Alingsås Göteborg Härryda Kungälv Lerum Lilla Edet Mölndal Partille Stenungsund Tjörn Öckerö within Västra Götaland County and Kungsbacka"],"title":["Gothenburg"],"word":"edet","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11861"]}
	{"docID":[5689],"text":["areas from business studies I.C.T to sports injury therapy. These courses are usually 1 2 or less often 3 three years in duration and are validated by FETAC at levels 5 or 6 or for the BTEC Higher National Diploma award - validated by Edexcel which is a level 6/7"],"title":["College"],"word":"edexcel","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5689"]}
	{"docID":[7185,8494,6007,2640,12233,13076,9317,9384],"text":["Purley War Memorial Hospital in Purley. Croydon General Hospital was on London Road but services transferred to Mayday as the size of this hospital was insufficient to cope with the growing population of the borough. Sickle Cell and Thalassaemia Centre and the Emergency Minor Treatment Centre are other smaller hospitals","The decision thus created controversy. The EPA held seven months of hearings in 1971\u20131972 with scientists giving evidence for and against DDT. In the summer of 1972 Ruckelshaus announced the cancellation of most uses of DDT \u2013 exempting public health uses under some conditions. Immediately after the announcement both EDF","also a member of the OAU the EDF the World Bank the IMF the IOC and the African Development Bank. Comoros thus cultivated relations with various nations both East and West seeking to increase trade and obtain financial assistance. In 1994 however it was increasingly facing the need to control","as well as the convention centre and the \"Centre of Ricanto\". Secondary industry is underdeveloped apart from the aeronautical company \"Corsica Aerospace Composites CCA\" the largest company on the island with 135 employees at two sites. The storage sites of GDF Suez (formerly Gaz de France) and Antargaz in the","there was no link between smoking and bad health.\" The UN has estimated that the nuclear weapon tests in Kazakhstan caused about 100000 people to suffer over three generations. In 2011 a French court fined Électricité de France (EDF) \u20ac1.5m and jailed two senior employees for spying on Greenpeace including","in North Queensferry Fife on 3 August 2000. On 28 December 2001 a daughter Jennifer Jane was born prematurely and died on 7 January 2002 one day after suffering a brain haemorrhage. They have two sons John Macaulay (born 17 October 2003) and (James) Fraser (born on 18 July 2006).","and terrorist infiltration. In 2015 the European Commission presented its proposal for a new European Border and Coast Guard Agency having a stronger role and mandate along with national authorities for border management. In an EU consisting of 28 members substantial security and defence co-operation is increasingly relying on collaboration","used to feed the military rather than the general population. The Eritrean Defence Forces (EDF) are composed of three branches: Air Force Army and Navy. The Army is by far the largest followed by the Air Force and Navy. The Commander-in-Chief of the EDF is the President of Eritrea. The"],"title":["London Borough of Croydon","DDT","Foreign relations of the Comoros","Ajaccio","Greenpeace","Gordon Brown","European Union","Eritrean Defence Forces"],"word":"edf","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7185","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8494","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2640","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12233","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13076","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9317","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9384"]}
	{"docID":[11339],"text":["ECLIPSE<br> ECM<br> ECMA<br> e-commerce<br> Econet<br> ECOOP<br> ECP<br> ECRC<br> ECRC-Prolog<br> ECSL<br> ECSP<br> ECSS II<br> ECSSL<br> ed<br> EDA<br> e-ddress<br> Eden<br> EDF<br> EDI<br> EDIF<br> EDIFACT<br> Edinburgh Multi Access System<br> Edinburgh Prolog<br> Edinburgh SML<br> Edison<br> EDL<br> EDM<br> EdML<br> EDMS<br> EDO DRAM<br> EDO memory<br> EDO RAM<br> EDP<br> EDRAM<br> e-dress<br> EDS+<br> edu<br> edutainment<br> Edward Lorenz<br> Edward"],"title":["Wikipedia:Free On-line Dictionary of Computing/E - H"],"word":"edfbr","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11339"]}
	{"docID":[11152,11149,11229,11336,11142,11264,11169,11331,11257,11313,11281,11254,11312,11181,13148,13236,13216,13104,13191,11397,11635,11642,11496,11593,11401,11447,11619,11424,11408,11545,11625,11523,11466,11492,11525,11479,11004,10983,10945,10923,10931,10949,10886,10878,10891,11029,10965,10913,11043,11092,10974,10929,11057,12987,13090,13022,12848,13026,12888,13072,13046,13045,12920,11874,11974,11846,11803,11820,11715,11866,11763,11762,11775,11955,11721,11812,11720,11856,11759,11774,12013,12047,12120,12231,12240,12108,12157,12099,12069,9592,9377,9358,9602,9553,9356,9424,9426,9087,9105,9093,9228,9079,9288,9313,9252,9316,9279,9141,9238,9336,9309,9334,10553,10808,10783,10628,10568,10623,10791,10762,10577,8972,8827,9014,8858,8964,8828,8864,8815,8965,8949,8922,9055,8786,9010,8994,9971,10106,10016,10126,10049,9996,10046,10183,10174,10165,10045,9995,10100,10213,10346,10489,10350,10192,10191,10377,10477,10293,12578,12691,12737,12542,12566,12778,12601,12808,12639,12634,12581,12713,12622,12401,12501,12386,12495,12425,12431,12463,12302,12354,12398,9781,9806,9742,9696,9857,9835,9815,9659,6062,6280,6182,6014,6233,6112,6285,6295,6293,6111,6059,6230,8579,8618,8603,8715,8500,8687,8522,8637,8544,8521,8678,8593,8630,8472,8484,8518,8632,8651,8626,8586,8530,8470,5671,5575,5655,5637,5584,5691,5645,5615,5553,5635,5786,5921,5869,5980,5778,5920,5820,5879,5914,5916,5962,5047,5215,5221,5176,5170,4965,5192,5218,5298,5285,5166,7324,7211,7480,7376,7434,7472,7301,7406,7450,7185,7463,6936,6883,7045,7022,7030,6902,7017,7162,7018,6884,7056,6970,7122,8752,8729,7810,7677,7681,7558,7783,7697,7561,7593,7592,7839,7712,7647,8082,7844,8068,7955,8035,8083,8092,7930,7849,8086,7893,8133,6322,6424,6321,6326,6344,6644,6355,6336,6429,6433,6466,6421,6621,6432,6576,6446,6555,6604,6614,6561,6596,6745,6849,6742,6696,6749,6788,6787,6671,6777,6760,6675,6781,6851,6824,4868,4955,4906,4925,4695,4788,4800,4754,4940,4896,4858,4715,8244,8407,8212,8351,8262,8443,8367,8166,8222,8387,8258,5362,5447,5329,5415,5541,5391,5449,5480,5399,5407,5320,5413,5500,5405,5408,5378,5478,5321,2499,2577,2594,2575,2500,2778,2524,2753,2839,2494,856,803,956,843,931,785,924,957,748,980,3335,2950,3217,2925,3138,3246,2992,3198,3162,3034,3155,3055,3075,3211,4670,2140,2076,1969,1979,2009,1980,2015,1970,1988,2049,1967,1965,2144,1968,4314,4373,4401,4436,4335,4249,4339,4375,4246,4359,4396,4443,4283,4260,4384,4318,4321,4402,1859,1881,1851,1866,1902,1649,1680,1625,1847,1645,1734,1774,1773,1627,4620,4554,4471,4606,4548,4517,4650,4614,4568,4626,4444,4550,4529,4492,1520,1354,1384,1346,1300,1486,1322,1347,1315,1566,1445,1537,1152,1141,981,1023,1209,1187,1182,1227,2393,2215,2380,2197,2397,2358,2386,2466,2257,2180,2289,4169,3981,4230,4165,4168,4050,4082,4207,4055,4057,4193,4099,4115,4064,4153,4113,4233,4157,4049,4101,3376,3386,3416,3453,3415,3422,3392,3385,3463,3460,621,305,677,653,593,303,682,595,3856,3717,3778,3850,3873,3705,3731,3845,3793,3833,3956,3916,3681],"text":["a combination or sequence. For a set of jumps to be considered a \"combination\" each jump must take off from the landing edge of the previous jump with no steps turns or change of edge in between jumps. Toe loops and loops are commonly performed as the second or third","of edges are neglected. The behavior depends on the polarization of the incident ray which can be separated into 2 cases: In the diagram on the right an incident light ray IO strikes the interface between two media of refractive indices \"n\" and \"n\" at point O. Part of the","the Wasteland\". Both versions were different from the versions eventually released. In August 1986 the long-awaited new Frankie Goes to Hollywood single \"Rage Hard\" was released reaching number 4 in the UK. Initially showcased promotionally with songs like \"Warriors of the Wasteland\" the group's sound had developed a significantly harder","SIMULA 67<br> SIMULA I<br> simulated annealing<br> Simulating Digital Systems<br> simulation<br> SIMulation ANalysis<br> Simulation Language for Alternative Modeling<br> Simulation Oriented Language<br> Simultaneous Engineering Environment<br> Simultaneous Peripheral Operation On-Line<br> simultaneous shipment<br> Simware Inc.<br> SINA<br> since time T equals minus infinity<br> Sinclair Clive<br> Sinclair PC200<br> Sinclair Radionics<br> Sinclair Research<br> sine wave<br> single assignment<br>","improved F-5E had some weaknesses; these included marginal acceleration rearward visibility and fuel fraction and a lack of Beyond Visual Range (BVR) weapons once such radar guided missiles became","a rockier edge \"Rage Hard\" was the first single culled from the disc. The single's title came from the Dylan Thomas poem \"Do not go gentle into that good night\". Of note \"Rage Hard\" was a testament to the changing musical landscape in Britain at the time. It was not","of Fortaleza's past and diverse culture. It is particularly notable for its unique style of maracatu known as maracatu cearense. The gastronomy of Fortaleza is very close to the typical Northeastern cuisine and traditional include the \"baião de dois\" usually accompanied by barbecue of mutton or meat of sun and","label edge router<br> label switched path<br> label switching<br> Label Switching Router<br> Lab for Computer Science<br> Laboratory INstrument Computer<br> Laboratory Virtual Instrument Engineering Workbench<br> LaborNet<br> Labtech Notebook<br> LabVIEW<br> Lace<br> lace card<br> LADY<br> lag<br> Lakota<br> LALR<br> lalr.ss<br> Lambada-Calculus<br> LAMBDA<br> lambda abstraction<br> lambda-calculus<br> DONE - merged into lambda calculus lambda expression<br> lambda lifting<br>","genre\". Three notable texts of this period are Ursula K. Le Guin's \"The Left Hand of Darkness\" (1969) Marge Piercy's \"Woman on the Edge of Time\" (1976) and Joanna Russ' \"The Female Man\" (1970). Each highlights the socially constructed aspects of gender roles by creating worlds with genderless societies. Two","it would \"dilute the product\" or be seen as a \"cash-in\" but said that he believed there was an audience for the project. In April 2017 Linehan said that the musical would draw inspiration from \"The Book of Mormon\" and would \"go for the jugular ... you get all the","events and real people giving the show's comedy a black edge. Episodes such as \"The Siege\" were replays of controversial events which had occurred a few months prior told as though \"Frontline\" had covered the story. The dim witted egotistical host Mike Moore was a parody of current television hosts","said their lands were forest-covered with tall trees growing up to the edge of the lakes. They lived by agriculture and raising cattle. In his \"Germania\" Tacitus would describe all the Germanic peoples of the region as having elected kings with limited powers and influential military leaders who led by","television series. For \"The Edge of the Cloud\" Peyton won the annual Carnegie Medal from the Library Association recognising the year's best children's book by a British subject. She was a commended runner-up for both the first and third books the latter in competition with her Medal-winning work. She also","the songs unusual depth of meaning\". He was soon selling ten million records a year. Such was Sinatra's command at Columbia that his love of conducting was indulged with the release of the set \"Frank Sinatra Conducts the Music of Alec Wilder\" an offering unlikely to appeal to Sinatra's core","by NBC first for a full season's order and then for a second season. An article in the \"Chicago Tribune\" quoted studio executives as stating that the letter-writing campaign had been wasted because they had already been planning to renew \"Star Trek\". Roddenberry often rewrote submitted scripts although he did","and directed edges are IPC messages. Richard Stallman founded the GNU Project in September 1983 with an aim to create a free GNU operating system. Initially the components required for kernel development were written: editors shell compiler and all the others. By 1989 the GNU GPL came into being and","edges of the web of beliefs (considered to be sense beliefs rather than main beliefs) in the face of new evidence unfriendly to one's central principles. Thus while one might agree that there is no belief one can hold come what may there are some for which there is ample","from countries outside the U.S. were admitted without any consideration of their ability to afford four years of study at the college. However financial aid offers to these students were limited to half the cost of tuition. International students frequently carried very high workloads in an effort to pay the","the various HTML implementations into a single clearly written specification based on SGML. XHTML 1.0 ported this specification as is to the new XML defined specification. Next XHTML 1.1 takes advantage of the extensible nature of XML and modularizes the whole specification. XHTML 2.0 was intended to be the first","space travel: He still hopes for cheap space travel but is resigned to waiting for private entrepreneurs to develop something new and inexpensive. Dyson also proposed the use of bioengineered space colonies to colonize the Kuiper Belt on the outer edge of our Solar System. He proposed that habitats could","edge of the region without removing their hand. For case #1 the painter paints (fills) the pixel the painter is standing upon and stops the algorithm. For case #2 a path leading out of the area exists. Paint the pixel the painter is standing upon and move in the direction","the wing's trailing edge; and a tricycle landing gear configuration with the aft-retracting steerable nose gear deploying a short distance behind the inlet lip. There is a boom-style aerial refueling receptacle located behind the single-piece \"bubble\" canopy of the cockpit. Split-flap speedbrakes are located at the aft end of the","to December. The country is located on southern edge of the typhoon belt with occasionally severe damage particularly to the low-lying atolls. Tsunamis","because of his descriptions of literal \"ends\" or \"edges\" of the earth. The ancient Norse and Germanic peoples believed in a flat Earth cosmography with the Earth surrounded by an ocean with the axis mundi a world tree (Yggdrasil) or pillar (Irminsul) in the centre. In the world-encircling ocean sat","dragonflies. Eichstätt is the other \"big\" and similarly famous fossil locality in the Solnhofen Formation situated on the southern edge of the Jura in Upper Bavaria. Here as well as \"Archaeopteryx\" the theropod dinosaurs \"Compsognathus\" and \"Juravenator\" were found. An inglorious episode in the history of paleontology took place in","stars with stripes that were red white and blue. The flag for the \"Alliance\" however had five rows of eight-pointed stars with 13 red and white stripes and the white stripes were on the outer edges. Both flags were documented by the Dutch government in October 1779 making them two","Edge an American food writer explains how writers in the genre view its topic: \"Food is essential to life. It\u2019s arguably our nation\u2019s biggest industry. Food not sex is our most frequently indulged pleasure. Food\u2014too much not enough the wrong kind the wrong frequency\u2014is one of our society\u2019s greatest causes","the field and hoist ends; fly end\u2014the furthest edge from the hoist end; and hoist end\u2014the edge used to attach the flag to the hoist. Vertical flags are sometimes used in lieu of the standard horizontal flag in central and eastern Europe particularly in the German-speaking countries. This practice came","to be cut or sutured together. ... Having ensured that sufficient tissue has been removed to allow the desired fusion of the skin the circumciser pulls together the opposite sides of the labia majora ensuring that the raw edges where the skin has been removed are well approximated. The wound is","that dynamical systems with a feedback experience an adaptation to the edge of chaos. In biological systems such as organisms ecosystems or the biosphere most parameters must stay under control within a narrow range around a certain optimal level under certain environmental conditions. The deviation of the optimal value of","and Maria Dostoyevskaya (née Nechayeva). He was raised in the family home in the grounds of the Mariinsky Hospital for the Poor which was in a lower class district on the edges of Moscow. Dostoyevsky encountered the patients who were at the lower end of the Russian social scale when","the end of the conflict. The only Argentine Hercules shot down by the British was lost on 1 June when TC-63 was intercepted by a Sea Harrier in daylight when it was searching for the British fleet north-east of the islands after the Argentine Navy retired its last SP-2H Neptune","avoid a repeat of the Carlist Wars offered the throne to the Habsburg archduke Otto von Habsburg; by doing so he believed that he could eliminate the question of a Bourbon succession entirely since the Habsburg family which had ruled the Habsburg Spain during its golden age had an alternate","dorsally and lift its medial edge (supination). In the weight-bearing leg it brings the leg towards the back of the foot like in rapid walking. Extensor digitorum longus arises on the lateral tibial condyle and along the fibula to be inserted on the second to fifth digits and proximally on","through the old part of the city is as much a character in Florentine history as many of the people who lived there. Historically the locals have had a love-hate relationship with the Arno \u2013 which alternated between nourishing the city with commerce and destroying it by flood. One of","lifted. He declared that Mandela would be released from prison unconditionally; the latter was released a week later. he later related that \"that speech was mainly aimed at breaking our stalemate in Africa and the West. Internationally we were teetering on the edge of the abyss.\" Throughout South Africa and","equal to the number of edges not in a spanning tree. The fundamental group of the plane punctured at \"n\" points is also the free group with \"n\" generators. The \"i\"-th generator is the class of the loop that goes around the \"i\"-th puncture without going around any other punctures.","that has arbitrarily large finite models has an infinite model. Thus the class of all finite graphs is not an elementary class (the same holds for many other algebraic structures). There are also more subtle limitations of first-order logic that are implied by the compactness theorem. For example in computer","inclusive is known as Lakeside Drive. Double lines separate the two-way traffic along most of Lakeside Drive with short road islands approximately every 50 metres. This means overtaking is illegal here. Approximately 50% of the track edge is lined with short parkland-style chain-linked fencing leaving normal drivers less room for","French royal court from 1528 onwards entertained the body of new ideas that became known as the Renaissance. The European (and historic) campus of the INSEAD business school is located at the edge of Fontainebleau by the Lycee Francois Couperin. INSEAD students live in local accommodations around the Fontainebleau area","shortest path problem to graphs with edges weighted by the elements of an (arbitrary) semiring. The start state can also be an accepting state in which case the automaton accepts the empty string. An example of an accepting state appears in Fig.5: a deterministic finite automaton (DFA) that detects whether","fewer so is the original graph since the same coloring is valid if edges are removed. So it suffices to prove the four color theorem for triangulated graphs to prove it for all planar graphs and without loss of generality we assume the graph is triangulated. Suppose \"v\" \"e\" and","a strike at the ball with a left-to-right swing the player must present the flat of the 'face' of the stick to the ball by 'reversing' the stick head i.e. by turning the handle through approximately 180° (while a reverse edge hit would turn the stick head through approximately 90°","clayey alluvial soils in the polders. Polders are areas of land close to or below sea level that have been reclaimed from the sea from which they are protected by dikes or a little further inland by fields that have been drained with canals. With similar soils along the lowermost","near the disk's center. A more space-efficient technique would be to increase the number of sectors per track toward the outer edge of the disk from 18 to 30 for instance thereby keeping nearly constant the amount of physical disk space used for storing each sector; an example is zone","its associated instructions have increased considerably since 1913. The National Taxpayers Union has documented the steady increase in complexity from a 34-line form in 1935 to a 79-line form in 2014 while \"Quartz\" created an animated GIF showing the gradual changes to the structure and complexity of the form. The","the motion picture industry Wray was honored with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6349 Hollywood Blvd. She received a star posthumously on Canada's Walk of Fame in Toronto on June 5 2005. A small park near Lee's Creek on Main Street in Cardston Alberta her birthplace","edge lengths of a polygon multiplies its area by four which is two (the ratio of the new to the old side length) raised to the power of two (the dimension of the space the polygon resides in). Likewise if the radius of a sphere is doubled its volume scales","Edge of Battle Area (FEBA). These terms are used as battlespace control measures that designate the forward-most friendly maritime or land forces on the battlefield at a given point in time during an armed conflict. FLOT/FEBA may include covering and screening forces. The Forward Line of Enemy Troops (FLET) is","ca. 1720. The Onondaga and Oneida tribes lived at the eastern edge of the region closer to their namesake lakes Oneida Lake and Onondaga Lake. The easternmost Iroquois tribe was the Mohawk. During colonial times many other tribes moved to the Finger Lakes region seeking the protection of the Iroquois.","games from the series among the top 50 consoles games: \"Final Fantasy XII\" at number 8 and \"Final Fantasy VII\" at number 20. However the series has garnered some criticism. IGN has commented that the menu system used by the games is a major detractor for many and is a \"significant reason","of developing the advanced level of stealth technology needed to achieve aircraft designs featuring very low observables (VLO) which is one of the defining features of fifth-generation fighters. Of the 4.5th generation designs the Strike Eagle Super Hornet Typhoon Gripen and Rafale have been used in combat. The U.S. government","and tempered at the cutting edge while the head is left soft so it will not crack when hammered. Chisels are of two types hot and cold chisels. The cold chisel is used for cutting cold metals while the hot chisel is for hot metals. Usually hot chisels are thinner","square of the perimeter of any given congressional voting district. Although technologies presently exist to define districts in this manner there are no rules in place mandating their use and no national movement to implement such a policy. One problem with the simplest version of this rule is that it","for shots of Gotham City. Within the DC Extended Universe Gotham City is located in Gotham County New Jersey. In \"\" paperwork mentions that the city is in \"Gotham County\" and Amanda Waller's files on Deadshot and Harley Quinn in \"Suicide Squad\" reveal Gotham City to be located in the","like Garfield. He was originally owned by Jon's friend Lyman though Jon adopted him after Lyman was written out of the strip. The book \"Garfield: His 9 Lives\" (1984) retcons Odie's origin: there is no mention of Lyman and Odie was a puppy when he was acquired by Jon as","he reached an agreement with Orson Welles to star in a D&D movie and John Boorman to act as producer and director. But almost at the same time he received word that back in Lake Geneva TSR had run into severe financial difficulties and Kevin Blume was shopping the company","dorsal ridge. The tail itself is across and deeply notched at the center while its edges taper to a point. The two populations of Pacific gray whales (east and west) are morphologically and phylogenically different. Other than DNA structures differences in proportions of several body parts and body colors including","above the reach of Soviet air defenses. The U-2 was equipped with a state-of-the-art camera designed to take high-resolution photos from the edge of the stratosphere over hostile countries including the Soviet Union. U-2 missions systematically photographed military installations and other important sites. The primary mission of the U-2s was","(\"Aphelocephala pectoralis\") found on the eastern edge of the desert and the malleefowl of Mamungari Conservation Park. Predators of the desert include the dingo (as the desert is north of the Dingo Fence) and two large monitor lizards the perentie \"(Varanus giganteus)\"","of lengths formula_4 and formula_5. Similarly the geometric mean of three numbers formula_4 formula_5 and formula_10 is the length of one edge of a cube whose volume is the same as that of a cuboid with sides whose lengths are equal to the three given numbers. The geometric mean applies","cutting edges pare away the wood which is moved out by the spiral sides falling out through the entry hole. This also pulls the gimlet farther into the hole as it is turned; unlike a bradawl pressure is not required once the tip has been drawn in. The name \"gimlet\"","for 5+1 operation. When more data is transferred in the uplink the network can at any time change the constellation to 4+2 or 3+3. Under the best reception conditions i.e. when the best EDGE modulation and coding scheme can be used 5 timeslots can carry a bandwidth of 5*59.2 kbit/s","frequently felt in Guatemala City and environs. Torrential downpours similar to the more famous monsoons occur frequently in the Valle de la Ermita during the rainy season leading to flash floods that sometimes inundate the city. Due to these heavy rainfalls some of the slums perched on the steep edges","of the United States. It is the southernmost and largest island in the Mariana island chain and is also the largest island in Micronesia. This island chain was created by the colliding Pacific and Philippine Sea tectonic plates. Guam is the closest land mass to the Mariana Trench a deep","logo or a small design is often inlaid into the headstock. Rosette designs vary from simple concentric circles to delicate fretwork mimicking the historic rosette of lutes. Bindings that edge the finger and sound boards are sometimes inlaid. Some instruments have a filler strip running down the length and behind","a foot and a half high which is called here a \"baquet\". It is so large that twenty people can easily sit round it; near the edge of the lid which covers it there are holes pierced corresponding to the number of persons who are to surround it; into these","the summit of the icecap with temperatures dropping to at night. From then on the downward slope made travelling easier although the terrain was difficult and the weather remained hostile. Progress was slow because of fresh snowfalls which made dragging the sledges as hard as pulling them through sand. By","and BAE Systems' Eagle Passive/Active Warning Survivability System (EPAWSS) systems. As of 2017 production is set to end in 2022 50 years after the type's first flight. The F-15 has an all-metal semi-monocoque fuselage with a large cantilever shoulder-mounted wing. The wing planform of the F-15 suggests a modified cropped","field in the C/A and P(Y) navigation messages and so it becomes zero again every 1024 weeks (19.6 years). GPS week zero started at 00:00:00 UTC (00:00:19 TAI) on January 6 1980 and the week number became zero again for the first time at 23:59:47 UTC on August 21 1999 (00:00:19 TAI on August 22 1999).","edges of flowers and leaves and usually forms against the direction of the wind. It can occur at any hour day or night. Window frost (also called fern frost or ice flowers) forms when a glass pane is exposed to very cold air on the outside and warmer moderately moist","the edge of the teeth. English and are examples of sibilants. The usage of two other terms is less standardized: \"Spirant\" can be a synonym of \"fricative\" or (as in e.g. Uralic linguistics) refer to non-sibilant fricatives only. \"Strident\" could mean just \"sibilant\" but some authors include also labiodental and","but had not been wired or mined while at the Naq Abu Dweis box (on the edge of the Qattara Depression) from the coast very little work had been done. The British position in Egypt was desperate the rout from Mersa Matruh had created a panic in the British headquarters","congressmen defeated Bush's proposal which would enact spending cuts and tax increases that would reduce the deficit by $500 billion over five years. Scrambling Bush accepted the Democrats' demands for higher taxes and more spending which alienated him from Republicans and gave way to a sharp decrease in popularity. Bush would","no interest) and an Aeroproducts six-blade contraprop (not accepted for production). F4U-4B: 300 F4U-4s ordered with alternate gun armament of four AN/M3 cannon. F4U-4E and F4U-4N: Developed late in WWII these night fighters featured radar radomes projecting from the right wingtip. The -4E was fitted with the APS-4 search radar","a million more man-hours than predicted. The United States Navy projected that lifecycle costs over a 65-year fleet life for all American F-35s to be $442 billion higher than U.S. Air Force projections. F-35 delays have led to shortfall of up to 100 jet fighters in the Navy/Marines team although measures","Soviet mathematician published a seminal paper titled \"Method of Edge Waves in the Physical Theory of Diffraction\" in the journal of the Moscow Institute for Radio Engineering in which he showed that the strength of the radar return from an object is related to its edge configuration not its size.","address the problems of bottlenecks Gnutella developers implemented a tiered system of \"ultrapeers\" and \"leaves\". Instead of all nodes being considered equal nodes entering into the network were kept at the 'edge' of the network as a leaf not responsible for any routing and nodes which were capable of routing","disengage from the fight at will. As a massive fighter aircraft designed to fire radar-guided missiles from beyond visual range it lacked the agility of its Soviet opponents and was subject to adverse yaw during hard maneuvering. Although thus subject to irrecoverable spins during aileron rolls pilots reported the aircraft","there is the possibility of the results being affected by","the girth of a planar graph is the edge connectivity of its dual graph and vice versa. These concepts are unified in matroid theory by the girth of a matroid the size of the smallest dependent set in the matroid. For a graphic matroid the matroid girth equals the girth","an aid with large portion delivered by UN organizations directly to education and food supply. Most of the Gaza GDP comes as foreign humanitarian and direct economic support. Of those funds the major part is supported by the U.S. and the European Union. Portions of the direct economic support have","Recently Greenland's three largest outlet glaciers have started moving faster satellite data show. These are the Jakobshavn Isbræ at Ilulissat on the western edge of Greenland and the Kangerdlugssuaq and Helheim glaciers on the eastern edge of Greenland. The two latter accelerated greatly during the years 2004\u20132005 but returned to","build homes in Thailand following the Asian tsunami. In December 2010 Brooks played nine shows in less than a week in Nashville at Bridgestone Arena to benefit victims from the May 2010 Nashville flood. Over 140000 tickets were sold and $5 million raised. On July 6 2013 Brooks joined with","declined to sixth place. Other major producers are the Ghana Burkina Faso Mali Indonesia and Uzbekistan. In South America the controversial project Pascua Lama aims at exploitation of rich fields in the high mountains of Atacama Desert at the border between Chile and Argentina. Today about one-quarter of the world","15th centuries. It was characterised by a Christian world-view but one which could draw ideas directly from the Greek texts of Plato Aristotle and the Neoplatonists. On the eve of the Fall of Constantinople Gemistus Pletho tried to restore the use of the term \"Hellene\" and advocated the return to","as hers; Guatemala simply inherited that argument to claim the territory even though it never sent any expedition to the area after Independence from Spain in 1821 due to the Central American civil war that ensued and lasted until 1860. The British had set a small settlement there since middle","lies on the southern edge of Gdańsk Bay (of the Baltic Sea) in a conurbation with the city of Gdynia spa town of Sopot and suburban communities which together form a metropolitan area called the Tricity (\"Trójmiasto\") with a population approaching 1.4 million. Gdańsk itself has a population of 460427","Kwahu Plateau the Ashanti Uplands lie just north of the Akan Lowlands and stretch from the Ivory Coast border in the west to the elevated edge of the Volta Basin in the east. Stretching in a northwest-to-southeast direction the Kwahu Plateau extends 193 kilometers between Koforidua in the east and","hearings and invited plans to be submitted ultimately receiving 70 of them although in the end he and his successors put his own plan into effect. That plan called for the building of a seawall around Manhattan island from West 61st Street on the Hudson around The Battery and up","Selassie unilaterally dissolved the Eritrean parliament and illegally annexed the country in 1962. The war continued after Haile Selassie was ousted in a coup in 1974. The Derg the new Ethiopian government was a Marxist military junta led by strongman Mengistu Haile Mariam. In 1960 Eritrean exiles in Cairo founded","edge of the stationary Caribbean Plate in southern Guatemala. The grinding action of these two plates creates a fault (similar to the San Andreas fault in California) that runs the length of the valley of the Rio Motagua in Guatemala. Motion along this fault is the source of earthquakes in","and runs for through the south and west of the city emptying into the Firth of Forth at Leith. The nearest the river gets to the city centre is at Dean Village on the north-western edge of the New Town where a deep gorge is spanned by Thomas Telford's Dean","separation and the uniting power of Love predominated in the sphere: the separating power of Strife guarded the extreme edges of the sphere. Since that time strife gained more sway and the bond which kept the pure elementary substances together in the sphere was dissolved. The elements became the world","highlands. Cuzcatlan was the larger domain until the Spanish conquest. Since El Salvador resided on the eastern edge of the Maya Civilization the origins of many of El Salvador's ruins are controversial. However it is widely agreed that Mayas likely occupied the areas around Lago de Guija and Cihuatán. Other","of seven service offerings: Ericsson's network rollout services employ in-house capabilities subcontractors and central resources to make changes to live networks. Services such as technology deployment network transformation and network optimization are also provided. Ericsson's Broadcast Services deal with the playout of live and pre-recorded commercial and public service television","similar to Hershel's using sunlight and a glass prism. Ritter noted that invisible rays near the violet edge of a solar spectrum dispersed by a triangular prism darkened silver chloride preparations more quickly than did the nearby violet light. Ritter's experiments were an early precursor to what would become photography.","edge of chaos concept. The concept of a dynamical system has its origins in Newtonian mechanics. There as in other natural sciences and engineering disciplines the evolution rule of dynamical systems is an implicit relation that gives the state of the system for only a short time into the future.","a square. The July 1972 DC titles featured a new circular logo. The letters \"DC\" were rendered in a block-like typeface that would remain through later logo revisions until 2005. The title of the book usually appeared inside the circle either above or below the letters. In December 1973 this","compartment under the cockpit floor with the breeches projecting into the bomb bay; and the automatic bomb bay doors were replaced by manually operated bay doors which incorporated cartridge ejector chutes. In accordance with its role as a day/night fighter prototype \"W4052\" was equipped with AI Mk.IV equipment complete with","past one another laterally. Earthquakes volcanic activity mountain-building and oceanic trench formation can occur along these plate boundaries. The tectonic plates ride on top of the asthenosphere the solid but less-viscous part of the upper mantle that can flow and move along with the plates. As the tectonic plates migrate","drum (sizing around 20-24 inches in diameter) but has the same purpose as that of a floor tom. Similarly most hand drum percussion cannot be played easily or suitably with drum sticks without risking damage to the head and to the bearing edge which is not protected by a metal","over Perkins' in almost every way\" according to critic Robert Hilburn\u2014and three R&B numbers that had been part of Presley's stage repertoire for some time covers of Little Richard Ray Charles and The Drifters. As described by Hilburn these \"were the most revealing of all. Unlike many white artists ... who","edges with exactly one endpoint in \"S\". The \"vertex isoperimetric number\" formula_3 (also \"vertex expansion\" or \"magnification\") of a graph \"G\" is defined as where formula_5 is the \"outer boundary\" of \"S\" i.e. the set of vertices in formula_6 with at least one neighbor in \"S\". In a variant of","of education are essential for countries to be able to achieve high levels of economic growth. Empirical analyses tend to support the theoretical prediction that poor countries should grow faster than rich countries because they can adopt cutting edge technologies already tried and tested by rich countries. However technology transfer","Earlier divisions are unknown because the Britons were not literate. Like other regions on the edge of the Empire Britain had long enjoyed trading links with the Romans. Julius Caesar of the Roman Republic attempted to invade twice in 55 BC; although largely unsuccessful he managed to set up a client","populations have even smaller family units and do not have any social organisation higher than a family or bond group. Groups of African forest elephants typically consist of one adult female with one to three offspring. These groups appear to interact with each other especially at forest clearings. The social","appearance led to his being cast as himself in \"The Brady Bunch Movie\". Jones sang his signature solo hit \"Girl\" with a grunge band providing backing this time with middle-aged women swooning over him. Micky Dolenz and Peter Tork also appeared alongside Jones as judges. On 21 June 1997 during","species concept in 1942 Mayr played a central role in the species problem debate over what was the best species concept. He staunchly defended the biological species concept against the many definitions of \"species\" that others proposed. Mayr was an outspoken defender of the scientific method and one known to","toward the Pacific Ocean. The rivers rise from snowmelt at the edges of the snowcapped peaks or from the abundant precipitation that falls at higher elevations. In the Sierra region the streams and rivers are narrow and flow rapidly over precipitous slopes. Rivers may slow and widen as they cross","edge to get a node x on the right side is formula_8-close to the uniform distribution in terms of total variation distance. A disperser is a related graph. An equivalent way to view an extractor is as a bivariate function in the natural way. With this view it turns out","altitude. It is mild year-round in the mountain valleys with a humid subtropical climate in coastal areas and rainforest in lowlands. The Pacific coastal area has a tropical climate with a severe rainy season. The climate in the Andean highlands is temperate and relatively dry and the Amazon basin on","which the air is aimed downward into the tone hole of the flute's headjoint. There are several broad classes of flutes. With most flutes the musician blows directly across the edge of the mouthpiece with 1/4 of their bottom lip covering the embouchure hole. However some flutes such as the","and thought that the same promotional strategy would work for both genres which often led to poor results for the New York\u2013based freestyle. New York freestyle retained a raw edge and underground sound even in its most polished forms. It used minor chords that made the tracks darker and more","made by Frank Mottershaw at the Sheffield Photographic Company and \"Desperate Poaching Affray\" made by William Haggar. Haggar in particular innovated the first extant panning shots; the poachers are chased by gamekeepers and police officers and the camera pans along creating a sense of urgency and speed. His films were","to any 3-regular planar graph with all faces of size 5 or 6 (including the external face). It follows from Euler's polyhedron formula \"V\" − \"E\" + \"F\" = 2 (where \"V\" \"E\" \"F\" are the numbers of vertices edges and faces) that there are exactly 12 pentagons in a fullerene and \"V\"/2 − 10 hexagons. The smallest","however this decision was later put on hold and was never actually implemented. The longer boundary lines are \"touchlines\" while the shorter boundaries (on which the goals are placed) are \"goal lines\". A rectangular goal is positioned at the middle of each goal line. The inner edges of the vertical","of national feeling all over Europe\" that was particularly strong at the edges of Europe where national identity was most asserted. Nationalist composers emerged in Central Europe Russia Scandinavia Spain and Britain: the music of Dvořák Smetana Grieg Rimsky-Korsakov Brahms Liszt de Falla Wagner Sibelius Vaughan Williams Bartók and many","three Best Foreign Language Film nominations from the Academy Awards. All these award-winning films starred actress Gong Li who became the Fifth Generation's most recognizable star especially to international audiences. Diverse in style and subject the Fifth Generation directors' films ranged from black comedy (Huang Jianxin's \"The Black Cannon Incident\"","d'Argent on the edge of Oiapoque river regions: 432 m. Bauxite timber gold (widely scattered) cinnabar kaolin fish [shrimp] rice bananas. Arable land: 0%.<br> Permanent crops: 0%.<br> Permanent pastures: 0%.<br> Forests and woodland: 0%.<br> Other: 10% (1996 est.).<br> Irrigated land: 20 km² (1993 est.).<br> Natural hazards: high frequency of heavy showers","lakes in the country. The greatest concentration of islands is found in the southwest in the Archipelago Sea between continental Finland and the main island of Åland. Much of the geography of Finland is a result of the Ice Age. The glaciers were thicker and lasted longer in Fennoscandia compared","edges. Daggers are primarily weapons so knife legislation in many places restricts their manufacture sale possession transport or use. The earliest daggers were made of materials such as flint ivory or bone in Neolithic times. Copper daggers appeared first in the early Bronze Age in the 3rd millennium BC and","low capacity but the Docklands area very quickly developed into a major financial centre and employment zone increasing traffic. In particular Tower Gateway at the edge of the City of London attracted criticism for its poor connections as it did not connect directly with the nearby Tower Hill Underground station","interactions with members of his/her culture. Unlike Piaget he claimed that timely and sensitive intervention by adults when a child is on the edge of learning a new task (called the \"zone of proximal development\") could help children learn new tasks. This adult role is often referred to as the","(or 'jaggies') along sharp edges in the matte. More generally nonlinear compositing can have effects such as \"halos\" around composited objects because the influence of the alpha channel is non-linear. It is possible for a compositing artist to compensate for the effects of compositing in non-linear space. Performing alpha blending","paper's staff. In 1971 the \"Daily Planet\" was purchased by Morgan Edge president of the Galaxy Broadcasting System. Edge proceeded to integrate Metropolis television station WGBS-TV's studios into the \"Daily Planet\" building and named Clark Kent as the anchor for the WGBS evening news. Eventually Clark's former schoolmate from Smallville","a 30-year period between 2001 and 2031. The aims of the project are to reconnect the city centre to the waterfront; to improve facilities for walking cyclists and buses; to replace the existing inner ring road with a pair of east/west tree-lined boulevards; and to provide a new civic square","common edge BD (see figures) if the sum of the angles α and γ is less than or equal to 180° the triangles meet the Delaunay condition. This is an important property because it allows the use of a \"flipping\" technique. If two triangles do not meet the Delaunay condition","edges so under duality these congruences swap. Similarly every topologically self-dual convex polyhedron can be realized by an equivalent geometrically self-dual polyhedron its canonical polyhedron reciprocal about the center of the midsphere. There are infinitely many geometrically self-dual polyhedra. The simplest infinite family are the canonical pyramids of \"n\" sides.","and a separate IP signalling channel to carry the notional 64 Kbs of DPNSS signalling. A more sophisticated solution uses intelligence on the edge of the IP network to route voice to the correct node. This is a Voice VPN. Note that this should not be confused with the pre-VOIP","The accuracy depended on: By day these errors could range from a few meters on the baseline up to a nautical mile at the edge of coverage. At night skywave errors were greater and on receivers without multipulse capabilities it was not unusual for the position to jump a lane","edges of the clock signal) to double data bus bandwidth without a corresponding increase in clock frequency. One advantage of keeping the clock frequency down is that it reduces the signal integrity requirements on the circuit board connecting the memory to the controller. The name \"double data rate\" refers to","Foyle is known as the Cityside and the area east is called the Waterside. The Cityside and Waterside are connected by the Craigavon Bridge and Foyle Bridge and by a foot bridge in the centre of the city called Peace Bridge. The district also extends into rural areas to the","of court battles the marriage was ended in early 1980. \"Scary Monsters and Super Creeps\" (1980) produced the number-one hit \"Ashes to Ashes\" featuring the textural work of guitar-synthesist Chuck Hammer and revisiting the character of Major Tom from \"Space Oddity\". The song gave international exposure to the underground New","which was closer to the standard cabinet's pad. Additionally Solo machines only incorporate two sensors located horizontally in the center of the arrow instead of four sensors (one on each edge). The first \"Dance Dance Revolution\" as well as its followup \"DDR 2ndMix\" uses Bemani System 573 Analog as its","audience through \"a journey to the edge of the mind\" (the film's German tagline \"Eine Reise ans Ende des Verstandes\") showing \"what war is all about\". Produced with a budget of 32 million DM (about $18.5 million) the film was released on September 17 1981. It grossed over $80 million","after the Big Lottery Fund popular vote when it received just 12.07% of the votes the lowest for the four projects being considered. Eden wanted the money for Edge a proposed desert biome that was going to look at people and plants living on the edge today and the solutions","in the mud beneath the earth and is guarded by the god Kashima who restrains the fish with a stone. When Kashima lets his guard fall Namazu thrashes about causing violent earthquakes. In modern popular culture the portrayal of earthquakes is shaped by the memory of great cities laid waste","edge of the goal line. A similar concept exists in both rugby football codes where it is known as the \"in-goal area\". The difference between rugby and gridiron-based codes is that in rugby the ball must be touched to the ground in the in-goal area to count as a try","to Nagaoka-kyō in a move that was said to be designed to edge the powerful Nara Buddhist establishments out of state politics\u2014while the capital moved the major Buddhist temples and their officials stayed put. Indeed there was a steady stream of edicts issued from 771 right through the period of","Us Apart\" (with Tina Turner) and \"Miss You\" continued Clapton's more angry sound. This rebound kicked off Clapton's two-year period of touring with Collins and their \"August\" collaborators bassist Nathan East and keyboard player/songwriter Greg Phillinganes. While on tour for \"August\" two concert videos were recorded of the four-man band","the edges of bands of trimming are reinforced with running stitch back stitch stem stitch tailor's buttonhole stitch and whip-stitching but it is uncertain whether this work simply reinforced the seams or should be interpreted as decorative embroidery. Ancient Greek mythology has credited the goddess Athena with passing down the","all the way to Rome where the Mohawk turns north. At Rome the canal continued west parallel to Wood Creek which flows westward into Oneida Lake and turned southwest and west cross-country to avoid the lake. From Canastota west it ran roughly along the north (lower) edge of the Onondaga","game species on the edge of extinction. Roosevelt recognized that the laissez-faire approach of the U.S. Government was too wasteful and inefficient. In any case they noted most of the natural resources in the western states were already owned by the federal government. The best course of action they argued","(1903) Peirce enumerated what he called the \"three cotary propositions of pragmatism\" (L: \"cos cotis\" whetstone) saying that they \"put the edge on the maxim of pragmatism\". First among these he listed the peripatetic-thomist observation mentioned above but he further observed that this link between sensory perception and intellectual conception","first produced by recording a track on two synchronized tapes and periodically slowing one tape by pressing the edge of its reel (the \"flange\"). When the two tapes' audio signals are later mixed a comb filter effect can be heard. Flanger units add a variably delayed version of the audio","rectangular cut with facets around the top edge. Most emeralds are oiled as part of the post-lapidary process in order to fill in surface-reaching cracks so that clarity and stability are improved. Cedar oil having a similar refractive index is often used in this widely adopted practice. Other liquids including","determined to change this. In 1989 there was a deliberate attempt to increase the lighter more comic aspects of life in Albert Square. This led to the introduction of some characters who were deliberately conceived as comic or light-hearted. Brake suggested that humour was an important element in \"EastEnders\" storylines","equinoxes are the only times when the solar terminator (the \"edge\" between night and day) is perpendicular to the equator. As a result the northern and southern hemispheres are equally illuminated. The word comes from Latin \"equi\" or \"equal\" and Greek nyx (νύξ) or Latin \"nox\" meaning \"night\". In other","carrier implements the necessary upgrade. EDGE requires no hardware or software changes to be made in GSM core networks. EDGE-compatible transceiver units must be installed and the base station subsystem needs to be upgraded to support EDGE. If the operator already has this in place which is often the case","University of Copenhagen collected data from 8000 galaxy clusters and found that the light coming from the cluster centers tended to be red-shifted compared to the cluster edges confirming the energy loss due to gravity. Other precision tests of general relativity not discussed here are the Gravity Probe A satellite","tells Hubble's life","east of Galway city. They made unsuccessful attacks on the RIC barracks at Clarinbridge and Oranmore captured several officers and bombed a bridge and railway line before taking up position near Athenry. There was also a skirmish between rebels and an RIC mobile patrol at Carnmore crossroads. A constable Patrick","pressure drop acceleration the presence of sharp edges or rough surfaces incompatible materials or even\u2014in rare cases\u2014nuclear or electromagnetic radiation. These factors present special hazards that may rule out any practical utility. Sensitivity is an important consideration in selecting an explosive for a particular purpose. The explosive in an armor-piercing","was a short distance north of the \"eta\" districts extended west from the riverbank leading along the northern edge of the city to the Yoshiwara pleasure districts. Previously located within the city proper near Asakusa the districts were rebuilt in","squares or 12-by-12 squares. Therefore 12 is the greatest common divisor of 24 and 60. A 24-by-60 rectangular area can be divided into a grid of 12-by-12 squares with two squares along one edge (24/12 = 2) and five squares along the other (60/12 = 5). The GCD of two numbers \"a\" and \"b\"","at the edge of the Oceanus. Eos had a brother and a sister Helios god of the sun and Selene goddess of the moon. Eos is cognate to the Vedic goddess \"Ushas\" Lithuanian goddess \"Austrine\" and Roman goddess \"Aurora\" (Old Latin \"Ausosa\") all three of whom are also goddesses of","but not pose a threat to James Monroe who was thought likely to succeed Madison. Madison easily won reelection and Gerry took the oath of office at Elmwood in March 1813. At that time the office of vice president was largely a sinecure; Gerry's duties included advancing the administration's agenda","engines were too heavy to run on wooden rails or plate-way and iron edge rails were in their infancy with cast iron exhibiting excessive brittleness. Together with William Losh Stephenson improved the design of cast-iron edge rails to reduce breakage; rails were briefly made by Losh Wilson and Bell at","vegetation resemble those of the south of Crete Tunisia and even parts of Egypt. The Ionian Sea Coast is long extending from Bay of Vlorë until the border with Greece. Although most of the coastline represents the renowned Albanian Riviera. The Ionian littoral is represented western edge of the Maja","feet/s) while the rate of ignition propagation from grain to grain is around 9 m/s (30 feet/s) over two orders of magnitude faster. Modern corning first compresses the fine black powder meal into blocks with a fixed density (1.7 g/cm³). In the United States gunpowder grains were designated F (for fine) or","included are unreleased videos of interviews and TV appearances that will be installed for visitors to view as well as stage backdrops and other props from the band's concerts. Blumenthal stated at the event \"The Grateful Dead Archive represents one of the most significant popular cultural collections of the 20th","\"George Mason Fight Song\" which was edited by Michael Nickens in 2009. Each spring student organizations at Mason compete to paint one of the 38 benches located on the Quad in front of Fenwick Library. For years student organizations have painted those benches that line the walkway to gain recognition","dispersion serves as a good illustration. At the edges of a region of anomalous dispersion formula_23 becomes infinite (surpassing even the speed of light in vacuum) and formula_23 may easily become negative (its sign opposes Re) inside the band of anomalous dispersion. Since the 1980s various experiments have verified that","the constitutional crisis of 1975; Sir William Deane's public statements on political issues produced some hostility towards him; and some charities disassociated themselves from Peter Hollingworth after the issue of his management of sex abuse cases during his time as Anglican Archbishop of Brisbane became a matter of controversy. At","Packet Radio Services) and EDGE (Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution or EGPRS). Subsequently the 3GPP developed third-generation (3G) UMTS standards followed by fourth-generation (4G) LTE Advanced standards which do not form part of the ETSI GSM standard. \"GSM\" is a trademark owned by the GSM Association. It may also","Both Israeli Druze and Christians have their majorities in the Galilee. Other notable minorities are the Bedouin the Maronites and the Circassians. The north-central portion of the Galilee is also known as Central Galilee stretching from the border with Lebanon to the northern edge of the Jezreel Valley including the","located at the southern edge of the Aegean Sea. The second largest island is Euboea which is separated from the mainland by the 60m-wide Euripus Strait and is administered as part of the Central Greece region. After the third and fourth largest Greek Islands Lesbos and Rhodes the rest of","mostly flat and even plate (the crown glass process described above). This plate was then cut to fit a window. The pieces were not absolutely flat; the edges of the disk became a different thickness as the glass spun. When installed in a window frame the glass would be placed","PRC's offer was initially rejected by Chen Shui-bian then President of Taiwan. However when Ma Ying-jeou assumed the presidency in 2008 the offer was accepted and the pandas arrived in December of that year. Microbes in panda waste are being investigated for their use in creating biofuels from bamboo and","disbelief so important to the Gothic\u2014which except for when it is parodied even for all its occasional melodrama is typically played straight in a self-serious manner\u2014requires the imagination of the reader to be willing to accept the idea that there might be something \"beyond that which is immediately in front","a graph so that no two adjacent vertices have the same color or with other similar restrictions. One may also consider coloring edges (possibly so that no two coincident edges are the same color) or other variations. Among the famous results and conjectures concerning graph coloring are the following: Constraint","contribution started to call for the return of England's most prolific centre-forward. Ramsey however would not be swayed and selected Hurst for the final. West Germany took the lead through Helmut Haller early on but six minutes later Moore was fouled just inside the German half of the field. He","the Last Supper\". The dimensions of the canvas are a golden rectangle. A huge dodecahedron in perspective so that edges appear in golden ratio to one another is suspended above and behind Jesus and dominates the composition. Mondrian has been said to have used the golden section extensively in his","was as committed to military modernization as the first and ordered the first ships of a navy capable of offensive action. Construction continued on the Endicott program of coastal fortifications begun under Cleveland's first administration. The adoption of the Krag\u2013Jørgensen rifle the US Army's first bolt-action repeating rifle was finalized.","in Vienna) from 1908 to 1914 in an edition of 300 supervised personally by the artist. The first thirty-five editions (I-XXXV) each included an original drawing by Klimt and the next thirty-five editions (XXXVI-LXX) each with a facsimile signature on the title page. Fifty images depicting Klimt's most important paintings","and help Google maintain an edge over its competitors globally. In a potential hint of Google's future direction for their Search algorithm Eric Schmidt Google's then chief executive said in a 2007 interview with the \"Financial Times\": \"The goal is to enable Google users to be able to ask the","to accelerate. Longitudinal crevasses form semi-parallel to flow where a glacier expands laterally. Marginal crevasses form from the edge of the glacier due to the reduction in speed caused by friction of the valley walls. Marginal crevasses are usually largely transverse to flow. Moving glacier ice can sometimes separate from","open to the sky on one side and have sloping floors that put prisoners in danger of slipping or rolling off the edge. Executions in the Eyrie are carried out via the Moon Door which opens from the high hall onto a 600-foot drop. The Eyrie is made of pale","60. A 24-by-60 rectangular area can be divided into a grid of 12-by-12 squares with two squares along one edge (24/12 = 2) and five squares along the other (60/12 = 5). Greatest common divisors can in principle be computed by determining the prime factorizations of the two numbers and comparing factors as in","special spatial analysis on them. A geometric network is composed of edges which are connected at junction points similar to graphs in mathematics and computer science. Just like graphs networks can have weight and flow assigned to its edges which can be used to represent various interconnected features more accurately.","thin traces inserted into the insulating gap of the upper / ISA card card edge connector. Additionally the lower part of the bus has five keying notches so an ISA card with unusually long traces cannot accidentally extend down into the lower part of the slot. Intel introduced their first","was approved (effectively more than 80% of the island's present land). This caused several immediate instances of confusion: some buildings for instance fell into the territory of both states. New Jersey and New York soon agreed to share jurisdiction of the island. It remains wholly a federal property however and","fewer papers than modern ones and more rarely published jointly written papers. The earliest person known to have a finite Erdős number is either Antoine Lavoisier (born 1743 Erdős number 13) Richard Dedekind (born 1831 Erdős number 7) or Ferdinand Georg Frobenius (born 1849 Erdős number 3) depending on the","the many thousands of lake basins that dot the edge of the Canadian Shield. Differences in the height of mountain ranges are not only being the result tectonic forces such as rock uplift but also local climate variations. Scientists use global analysis of topography to show that glacial erosion controls","eastern edge of the Żuławy region with 124257 inhabitants (December 31 2011). It is the capital of Elbląg County and has been assigned (since 1999) to the Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship. Previously it was the capital of Elbląg Voivodeship (1975\u20131998) and a county seat within Gdańsk Voivodeship (1945\u20131975). Elbląg is one of","miniature model set of New York City they used for other scenes under black light with reflective tape placed along every edge of the model buildings. Only the tape is visible and appears to be a 3D wireframe animation. \"Escape from New York\" opened in New York and Los Angeles","of ideas it contains is perhaps the most substantial piece of writing in the whole literature of mankind.\" However the legend of Galois pouring his mathematical thoughts onto paper the night before he died seems to have been exaggerated. In these final papers he outlined the rough edges of some","aggregate along the edges of the valve or the cusps. Also unlike infective endocarditis NBTE does not cause an inflammation response from the body. NBTE usually occurs during a hypercoagulable state such as system-wide bacterial infection or pregnancy though it is also sometimes seen in patients with venous catheters. NBTE","may be working or not working depending whether a point has been established or player's choice. Place and buy bets are working by default when a point is established and not working when the point is off unless the player specifies otherwise. Lay bets are always working even if a","coordinates for the vertices of a cuboctahedron (of edge length ) centered at the origin are: An alternate set of coordinates can be made in 4-space as 12 permutations of: This construction exists as one of 16 orthant facets of the cantellated 16-cell. The cuboctahedron's 12 vertices can represent the","them up. 6. Sift the milk to remove the fizz. Pour the liquid back along the edge of the bowl slowly and another skin will turn up after a while. 7. Wrap it in plastic wrap steam it over high heat for 10 minutes and leave it simmer for 2","the screen were intaglio printed with poor registration. Poor purity causes objects on the screen to appear off-color while their edges remain sharp. Purity and convergence problems can occur at the same time in the same or different areas of the screen or both over the whole screen and either","Graphs have path connected subsets namely those subsets for which every pair of points has a path of edges joining them. But it is not always possible to find a topology on the set of points which induces the same connected sets. The 5-cycle graph (and any \"n\"-cycle with \"n\">3","the CN Tower opened the EdgeWalk an amusement in which thrill-seekers can walk on and around the roof of the main pod of the tower at which is directly above the 360 Restaurant. It is the world's highest full-circle hands-free walk. Visitors are tethered to an overhead rail system and","get regular octagons (truncated cube). The rhombicuboctahedron is obtained by cutting off both corners and edges to the correct amount. A cube can be inscribed in a dodecahedron so that each vertex of the cube is a vertex of the dodecahedron and each edge is a diagonal of one of","edge of chaos theory and self-assembly processes. Chaos theory concerns deterministic systems whose behavior can in principle be predicted. Chaotic systems are predictable for a while and then 'appear' to become random. The amount of time that the behavior of a chaotic system can be effectively predicted depends on three","away from the Nile in all directions the city of Cairo resides only on the east bank of the river and two islands within it on a total area of . Until the mid-19th century when the river was tamed by dams levees and other controls the Nile in the","are therefore potential candidates for digital devices. Precise control over their dimensions and hence electronic properties however represents a challenging goal and the ribbons typically possess rough edges that are detrimental to their performance. CVD can be used to produce a synthetic diamond by creating the circumstances necessary for carbon","snowmen but also through other expressions of childhood art. When Miss Wormwood complains that he is wasting class time drawing impossible things (a \"Stegosaurus\" in a rocket ship for example) Calvin proclaims himself \"on the cutting edge of the \"avant-garde\".\" He begins exploring the medium of snow when a warm","circular bounded on the northeast by the northeast edge of Greenland with Hudson Bay in the middle. It covers much of Greenland Labrador most of Quebec north of the St. Lawrence River much of Ontario including northern sections of the southern peninsula between the Great Lakes the Adirondack Mountains of","1921 Tigers finished in sixth place in the American League at 71-82 27 games behind the Yankees. On August 19 1921 Cobb collected his 3000th career hit off Elmer Myers of the Boston Red Sox. Aged 34 at the time he is still the youngest player to reach that milestone","was under pressure to revamp the England squad for the imminent UEFA Euro 2012 qualification campaign. He unveiled a new team at the next England match a home friendly game against Hungary on 11 August 2010 with Beckham still unavailable for selection but aiming for a return to playing in","its edges. The speckle pattern which is observed when laser light falls on an optically rough surface is also a diffraction phenomenon. When deli meat appears to be iridescent that is diffraction off the meat fibers. All these effects are a consequence of the fact that light propagates as a","sometimes stretched by having several workers clad in stockings hop rhythmically atop it forming a circle along the edge. After the skin has dried tacks called \"byō\" are added to the appropriate drums to secure it; \"chū-daiko\" require about 300 of them for each side. After the body and skin","is located in more residential districts away from the city's mainly commercial centre. The sprawling suburbs furthest from the city centre are generally populated by Tanzanians of African descent with the exception of Oyster Bay where there is a large population of foreign expatriates. The edges of Dar es Salaam","the city of Detroit there are over a dozen major hospitals which include the Detroit Medical Center (DMC) Henry Ford Health System St. John Health System and the John D. Dingell VA Medical Center. The DMC a regional Level I trauma center consists of Detroit Receiving Hospital and University Health","of the Speer neighborhood; Park Hill a successful example of intentional racial integration; and Golden Triangle in the Civic Center. Denver lies within the semi-arid continental climate zone (Köppen climate classification \"BSk\"). It has four distinct seasons and receives a modest amount of precipitation spread throughout the year. Due to","pharmaceutical industries for the special curtain and stainless steel frames. They guarantee the tightness of all accesses. The powerful high-speed doors have a smooth surface structure and no protruding edges. Therefore they can be easily cleaned and depositing of particles is largely excluded. High-speed doors are made to handle a","different tones close together. A light edge next to a dark background stands out to the eye and almost appears to float above the surface. Measuring the dimensions of a subject while blocking in the drawing is an important step in producing a realistic rendition of the subject. Tools such","in March 1994 said that \"Doom\" \"was worth the wait ... a wonderfully involved and engaging game\" and its technology \"a new benchmark\" for the gaming industry. The reviewer praised the \"simply \"dazzling\"\" graphics\" and reported that \"DeathMatches may be the most intense gaming experience available today\". While criticizing the","western edge of Ireland. Tech Duinn is commonly identified with Bull Rock an islet off the western tip of the Beara Peninsula. Bull Rock resembles a dolmen or portal tomb as it has a natural tunnel through it allowing the sea to pass under it as if through a portal.","edge. The steel is named after Damascus the capital city of Syria. It may either refer to swords made or sold in Damascus directly or it may just refer to the aspect of the typical patterns by comparison with Damask fabrics (which are themselves named after Damascus). The original method","the main island three small islets are at the mouth of the lagoon: West Island () Middle Island () and East Island (). A fourth Anniversary Island 1 km (1100 yards) southwest of Middle Island appears as just a sand bar on satellite images. Both Middle Island and Anniversary Island are","point on the disc and flows continuously to the outer edge. When reading or writing data there is no need to stop the flow of data to switch tracks. This is similar to vinyl records except vinyl records started at the outer edge and spiraled in toward the center. The","the United States \"Deus Ex\" sold 138840 copies and earned $5 million during the year 2000. It received a \"Gold\" sales award from the Entertainment and Leisure Software Publishers Association (ELSPA) indicating sales of at least 200000 copies in the United Kingdom. \"Deus Ex\" received critical acclaim attaining a score","back face and ear edges lending much character and an almost burnished appearance; this is referred to among breeders and enthusiasts as an \"overlay\" or \"sabling\". Sabling should not be confused with a more unusual coat color referred to as sable. At a distance a sable dachshund looks somewhat like","emigrants from Lebanon and has become the headquarters of Druze power. Under Fakhr-al-Dīn II (Fakhreddin II) the Druze dominion increased until it included Lebanon-Phoenicia and almost all Syria extending from the edge of the Antioch plain in the north to Safad in the south with a part of the Syrian","estimated its mass based on the motions of galaxies near its edge and compared that to an estimate based on its brightness and number of galaxies. He estimated that the cluster had about 400 times more mass than was visually observable. The gravity effect of the visible galaxies was far","one pack being sighted in the Qilian Mountains within that province in 2006; Camera-trap surveys in the Yanchiwan National Nature Reserve in the northern edge of this Gansu Province in 2013-2014 confirmed the continued presence of several packs and a female adult with pups in this area at altitudes around","EPIC 204278916 a young M-type pre-main-sequence star with a resolved disk. Dimmings of up to 65% for 25 consecutive days (out of 79 total observation) were observed. The variability is highly periodic and attributed to stellar rotation. The researchers hypothesize that the irregular dimmings are caused by either a warped","Sea although there are small perennial springs under and around the Dead Sea forming pools and quicksand pits along the edges. There are no outlet streams. The Mujib River biblical Arnon is one the larger water sources of the Dead Sea other than the Jordan. The Wadi Mujib valley 420","mutual national benefit from trade even if one country is more competitive in every area than its trading counterpart and that a nation should concentrate resources only in industries where it has a comparative advantage that is in those industries in which it has the greatest competitive edge. Ricardo suggested","across the edge of the cymbal for a sound like squealing car brakes. Ancient cymbals or tuned cymbals are much more rarely called for. Their timbre is entirely different more like that of small hand-bells or of the notes of the keyed harmonica. They are not struck full against each","few decades with major earthquakes every few centuries. The Dinaric Alps are linked to a Late Jurassic to recent times fold and thrust belt itself part of the Alpine orogeny extending southeast from the southern Alps. The Dinaric Alps in Croatia encompass the entire Gorski Kotar and Lika regions as","it as \"by turns macabre frightening and inspirational.\" John Peel wrote in \"The Guardian\" that Love's disheveled appearance \"would have drawn whistles of astonishment in Bedlam\" and that her performance \"verged on the heroic ... Love steered her band through a set which dared you to pity either her recent history","classics are played in a rock/metal version with Sen Dog's band SX-10 and Eric Bobo playing the rock instrument. While the first album and \"Black Sunday\" follow a more minimalistic and funky sound \"III (Temples of Boom)\" has a very dark spooky atmosphere and heavy beats","the country. The improved infrastructure allowed the sugar cane industry to spread to the previously underdeveloped eastern part of the country. As many small Cuban sugar cane producers were crippled with debt and damages from the war American companies were able to quickly and cheaply take over the sugar cane","fixing one edge and using a cover thicker than the sheets. Some codices are continuously folded like a concertina. The alternative to paged codex format for a long document is the continuous scroll. Examples of folded codices include the Maya codices. Sometimes people use the term for a book-style format","as \"Battle Royale\" (2000) which broke many rules of teenage slasher films. The reverse \u2013 when films based on cult properties lose their transgressive edge \u2013 can result in derision and rejection by fans. Audience participation itself can be transgressive such as breaking long-standing taboos against talking during films and","or incompetent marls. Because the Alpine mountain chains did not yet exist in the Cretaceous these deposits formed on the southern edge of the European continental shelf at the margin of the Tethys Ocean. Stagnation of deep sea currents in middle Cretaceous times caused anoxic conditions in the sea water","Guanacaste. At the edge of the range is the Monteverde cloud forest preserve a major ecotourism destination. The Central Range continues the Continental Divide east of Cordillera de Tilarán. It has four large volcanoes: Poás Barva Irazú and Turrialba. The highest peak is Irazú at 3432 m. The Guanacaste Range","would have been formidable. Most European navigators reasonably concluded that a westward voyage from Europe to Asia was unfeasible. The Catholic Monarchs however having completed an expensive war in the Iberian Peninsula were eager to obtain a competitive edge over other European countries in the quest for trade with the","text and a few other popular science texts such as \"Six Easy Pieces\" for the general audience. The promotion of physics made him a public figure of science although his Nobel-winning work in quantum electrodynamics was already very established in the scientific community. Murray Gell-Mann a Nobel-winning physicist introduced a","one can get close especially for the longer wavelengths where the CIE 1931 color space chromaticity diagram has a nearly straight edge. For example mixing green light (530 nm) and blue light (460 nm) produces cyan light that is slightly desaturated because response of the red color receptor would be greater to","edges are called \"arrows\" (or morphisms). A category has two basic properties: the ability to compose the arrows associatively and the existence of an identity arrow for each object. The language of category theory has been used to formalize concepts of other high-level abstractions such as sets rings and groups.","of biomass and deposit it in the alluvial fan areas of the deep ocean basin. Dropping these residues in alluvial fans would cause the residues to be quickly buried in silt on the sea floor sequestering the biomass for very long time spans. Alluvial fans exist in all of the","that form along the escarpment's edge like that hypothesised for the Taung Child are formed within a secondary limestone deposit called tufa. There is numerous evidence for other early human species inhabiting caves from at least one million years ago in different parts of the world including Homo erectus in","the north-western edge of Europe notably in Ireland Scotland Wales Brittany Cornwall and the Isle of Man. There are also a substantial number of Welsh speakers in the Patagonia area of Argentina and some speakers of Scottish Gaelic on Cape Breton Island in Nova Scotia. Some people speak Celtic languages","CE) Confucian approaches edged out the \"proto-Taoist\" Huang\u2013Lao as the official ideology while the emperors mixed both with the realist techniques of Legalism. A Confucian revival began during the Tang dynasty (618\u2013907). In the late Tang Confucianism developed in response to Buddhism and Taoism and was reformulated as Neo-Confucianism. This","with an eightfold coordination; the chloride atoms lie upon the lattice points at the edges of the cube while the caesium atoms lie in the holes in the centre of the cubes. This structure is shared with CsBr and CsI and many other compounds that do not contain Cs. In","site may be either a planar exposed metal surface a crystal edge with imperfect metal valence or a complicated combination of the two. Thus not only most of the volume but also most of the surface of a heterogeneous catalyst may be catalytically inactive. Finding out the nature of the","edge. The circumference of a circle is the distance around it but if as in many elementary treatments distance is defined in terms of straight lines this can not be used as a definition. Under these circumstances the circumference of a circle may be defined as the limit of the","genuinely hyperbolic trajectories. A rough calculation shows that there might be four hyperbolic comets per century within Jupiter's orbit give or take one and perhaps two orders of magnitude. The Oort cloud is thought to occupy a vast space starting from between to as far as from the Sun. Some","highly anisotropic with crystal edge surfaces (\"h k\"0) reacting 45 to 132 times faster than basal surfaces (001). Under cross-polarized light biotite can generally be identified by the gnarled bird's eye extinction. Biotite is found in a wide variety of igneous and metamorphic rocks. For instance biotite occurs in the","player's perspective). This advantage is called the \"house edge\". In games such as poker where players play against each other the house takes a commission called the rake. Casinos sometimes give out complimentary items or comps to gamblers. \"Payout\" is the percentage of funds (\"winnings\") returned to players. Casinos in","that generally have cutting edges. The last premolar of the upper jaw and first molar of the lower are termed the carnassials or sectorial teeth. These blade-like teeth occlude (close) with a scissor-like action for shearing and shredding meat. Carnassials are most highly developed in the Felidae and the least","piece of property. Discrete Green's Theorem which gives the relationship between a double integral of a function around a simple closed rectangular curve \"C\" and a linear combination of the antiderivative's values at corner points along the edge of the curve allows fast calculation of sums of values in rectangular","of graphs on \"n\" vertices with \"k\" edges) to structural (e.g. which graphs contain Hamiltonian cycles) to algebraic questions (e.g. given a graph \"G\" and two numbers \"x\" and \"y\" does the Tutte polynomial \"T\"(\"x\"\"y\") have a combinatorial interpretation?). Although there are very strong connections between graph theory and combinatorics","bottom edge players can fall through these and reappear at the top. Each level has a certain number of enemies that must be defeated in order to advance. The players must blow bubbles to trap the enemies then burst these bubbles by colliding with them. Each enemy defeated in this","still greatly diminished) salmon population continues to drive a strong fisheries industry. Canada claims of territorial sea a contiguous zone of an exclusive economic zone of and a continental shelf of or to the edge of the continental margin. Forestry has long been a major industry in Canada. Forest products","worst-case propagation delay it is possible to design the entire CPU and the way it moves data around the \"edges\" of the rising and falling clock signal. This has the advantage of simplifying the CPU significantly both from a design perspective and a component-count perspective. However it also carries the","output device. An early implementation of this idea was the out-of-band ASA carriage control characters. Later control characters were integrated into the stream of data to be printed. The carriage return character (CR) when sent to such a device causes it to put the character at the edge of the","launch in 2013 by the ESAthe source of the stray light was later identified as the fibers of the sunshield protruding beyond the edges of the shield. The Plasma Diagnostics Package (PDP) which had been previously flown on STS-3 made its return on the mission and was part of a","Indre By on the other side of the harbour. The area was developed by Christian IV in the early 17th century. Impressed by the city of Amsterdam he employed Dutch architects to create canals within its ramparts which are still well preserved today. The canals themselves branching off the central","the edge of Christ's hips and halo and no background. More sculptural small crucifixes in metal relief are also used in Orthodoxy (see gallery examples) including as pectoral crosses and blessing crosses. Western crucifixes may show Christ dead or alive the presence of the spear wound in his ribs traditionally","the glycol coolant radiator in an underbelly position on the fighter just aft of the wing's trailing edge. USAAC Fighter Projects Officer Lieutenant Benjamin S. Kelsey flew this prototype some 300 miles in 57 minutes approximately . Hiding his disappointment he told reporters that future versions would likely go faster.","the maximum for the backward scattering (formula_62; the light is reflected perpendicularly and returns) and the zero minimum for the scattering from the edge of the circle directly forward (formula_63). It confirms the intuitive expectations that the mirror circle acts like a diverging lens and a thin beam is more","Planck spectrum. Next they depend on our being at a special spot at the edge of the Milky Way galaxy and they did not suggest the radiation is isotropic. The estimates would yield very different predictions if Earth happened to be located elsewhere in the universe. The 1948 results of","sometimes criticised as being \"vulgar\" because he painted what he saw: \"rutted and edged hodgepodge of bushes mounds of earth and trees in various stages of development.\" According to one source details such as those were equivalent to today's art showing garbage cans or beer bottles on the side of","geological changes which had been adapted in England to support belief in Noah's flood. Describing the importance of uniformitarianism on contemporary geology Lyell wrote Never was there a doctrine more calculated to foster indolence and to blunt the keen edge of curiosity than this assumption of the discordance between the","80000 can be accommodated in the mosque's courtyard. Its minaret is the world's tallest at . The mosque is also the largest in North Africa and the third-largest in the world. Work on the mosque started in 1980 and was intended to be completed for the 60th birthday of the","Manchester and the south with BBC Radio Stoke. There were plans to launch BBC Radio Cheshire but those were shelved in 2007 after a lower than expected BBC licence fee settlement. The Royal Cheshire Show an annual agricultural show has taken place for the last 175 years and includes exhibitions","near a screen edge the menu will be displaced - thus reducing consistency and impeding use of muscle memory. If the context menu is being triggered by keyboard such as by using Shift + F10 the context menu appears near the focused widget instead of the position of the pointer","Norwood and Upper Norwood named after a contraction of Great North Wood and has a population of around 14590. Thornton Heath is a town to the northwest of Croydon which holds Croydon's principal hospital Mayday. Upper Norwood is north of Croydon on a mainly elevated area of the borough. Waddon","news. In April 1989 Fleischmann and Pons published a \"preliminary note\" in the \"Journal of Electroanalytical Chemistry\". This paper notably showed a gamma peak without its corresponding Compton edge which indicated they had made a mistake in claiming evidence of fusion byproducts. Fleischmann and Pons replied to this critique but","England. Cheddar Gorge on the edge of the village contains a number of caves which provided the ideal humidity and steady temperature for maturing the cheese. Cheddar cheese traditionally had to be made within of Wells Cathedral. Cheddar has been produced since at least the 12th century. A pipe roll","has an oceanic climate (Köppen \"Cfb\") modified by the Urban Heat Island in the centre of London. This generally causes higher night-time minima than outlying areas. For example the August mean minimum of compares to a figure of for Greenwich and Heathrow whereas is at Wisley in the middle of","strides by SNECMA in silencer design were reported during the programme. However by 1974 the spade silencers which projected into the exhaust were reported to be ineffective. The Olympus Mk.622 with reduced jet velocity was proposed to reduce the noise but it was not developed. Situated behind the leading edge","Batchens who had previously worked with Richard Clapton Sherbet and Blackfeather. Batchens smoothed out many of the band's rough edges and attempted to give their songs a sophisticated sound. This approach has made the album sit a little uncomfortably with the band ever since. Once again the majority of the","execution footprint of testing in terms of which lines of code were executed to complete the test. Edge coverage reports which branches or code decision points were executed to complete the test. They both report a coverage metric measured as a percentage. The meaning of this depends on what form(s)","the Cotswold Edge is a result of the uplifting (tilting) of the limestone layer exposing its broken edge. This is a cuesta in geological terms. The dip slope is to the southeast. On the eastern boundary lies the city of Oxford and on the west is Stroud. To the southeast","the tower base which means a highstrength concrete solution became possible. In the final scheme columns at centres and floor edge beams were used to replace the large steel corner columns. As climbing form and table form construction method and efficient construction management are used in this project which make","Biggin Hill Airport/Village and a local spur/loop to penetrate further into Purley Way retail/industrial park. Starting in the west there are two corridors into Sutton town centre. The first principally between Wimbledon and Sutton was in view even before Tramlink opened: the trams were delivered with this as \"line 4\"","is still in the throes of rigor mortis but his hand facing and recognizing that of Christ is alive. Other major Baroque artists would travel the same path for example Bernini fascinated with themes from Ovid's \"Metamorphoses\". The installation of the St. Matthew paintings in the Contarelli Chapel had an","more in length. The clitoral hood projects at the front of the labia commissure where the edges of the labia majora (outer lips) meet at the base of the pubic mound; it forms as part of the external folds of the labia minora (inner lips) and covers the glans and","the two rollers is a third one (white in the photo at 45 degrees) that is spring-loaded to push the ball against the other two rollers. Each roller is on the same shaft as an encoder wheel that has slotted edges; the slots interrupt infrared light beams to generate electrical","edge) is greater than most other casino games and can be much greater. For example there are 216 (6 × 6 × 6) possible outcomes for a single throw of three dice. For a specific number: At odds of 1 to 1 2 to 1 and 10 to 1 respectively","is of a small islet surrounded or defined at its edges by timber piles and a gangway topped by a typical Iron Age roundhouse. The choice of a small islet as a home may seem odd today yet waterways were the main channels for both communication and travel until the","to the edges of the flag; the vertical part of the cross is shifted to the hoist side. A banner with a white-on-red cross is attested as having been used by the kings of Denmark since the 14th century. An origin legend with considerable impact on Danish national historiography connects","Deutsch was awarded the Dirac Prize of the Institute of Physics in 1998 and the Edge of Computation Science Prize in 2005. \"The Fabric of Reality\" was shortlisted for the Rhone-Poulenc science book award in 1998. In 2017 he received the Dirac Medal of the International Centre for Theoretical Physics","the Aedicule to the rear of the Rotunda is a a chapel (see \"Syriac Chapel with Tomb of Joseph of Arimathea\") located in a Constantinian apse and containing an opening to a rock-cut ancient Jewish tomb. This chapel is where the Syriac Orthodox celebrate their Liturgy on Sundays. To the","color saturation and sharpness but reflections from lights and windows are very visible. Anti-reflective coatings are sometimes applied to help reduce reflections although this only mitigates the effect. In about 2009 NEC/Alienware together with Ostendo Technologies (based in Carlsbad CA) were offering a curved (concave) monitor that allows better viewing","the pixel grid. This increases edge contrast and readability of small fonts at the expense of font rendering fidelity and has been criticized by graphic designers for making different fonts look similar. Like most other types of subpixel rendering ClearType involves a compromise sacrificing one aspect of image quality (color","the Bahamas and the 50-cent coin from Aruba. During the 1970s Swazi coins were minted in several shapes including squares polygons and wavy edged circles with 8 and 12 waves. Some other coins like the British 20 and 50 pence coins and the Canadian Loonie have an odd number of","so the rotating observer is forced to invoke a combination of centrifugal and Coriolis forces to provide the net force required to cause the curved trajectory. The figure describes a more complex situation where the tossed ball on a turntable bounces off the edge of the carousel and then returns","Bed (HTTB). This test aircraft set numerous short takeoff and landing performance records and significantly expanded the database for future derivatives of the C-130. Modifications made to the HTTB included extended chord ailerons a long chord rudder fast-acting double-slotted trailing edge flaps a high-camber wing leading edge extension a larger","be an inner cubewano near the plutinos. Furthermore there is evidence that the Kuiper belt has an 'edge' in that an apparent lack of low-inclination objects beyond 47\u201349 AU was suspected as early as 1998 and shown with more data in 2001. Consequently the traditional usage of the terms is based","of transistors on several circuit boards with a large power consumption that required an AC power supply. There were great efforts to put the logic required for a calculator into fewer and fewer integrated circuits (chips) and calculator electronics was one of the leading edges of semiconductor development. U.S. semiconductor","the \"ring fault\" develops around the edge of the chamber. Ring fractures serve as feeders for fault intrusions which are also known as ring dykes. Secondary volcanic vents may form above the ring fracture. As the magma chamber empties the center of the volcano within the ring fracture begins to","the Sun's magnetic field and magnetohydrodynamic waves from below. The outer edges of the Sun's corona are constantly being transported away due to open magnetic flux and hence generating the solar wind. The corona is not always evenly distributed across the surface of the sun. During periods of quiet the","sizable portion of their manpower was later evacuated via the Koivisto islands. The badly mauled defending Soviet army was unable to halt the Finnish offensive and by 2 September the Finns had reached the 1939 border along its whole length. On 31 August Finnish headquarters ordered the 2nd and 4th","These are known as tally counters. They typically consist of a series of disks mounted on an axle with the digits 0 through 9 marked on their edge. The right most disk moves one increment with each event. Each disk except the left-most has a protrusion that after the completion","nature. The extreme hardness and high value of diamond means that gems are typically polished slowly using painstaking traditional techniques and greater attention to detail than is the case with most other gemstones; these tend to result in extremely flat highly polished facets with exceptionally sharp facet edges. Diamonds also","and the bonobo in contrast to the quadrupedal locomotion of the orangutan a 'palm walker' that uses the outside edge of its palms. It is the anatomically closest relative of the human. The common chimpanzee is a highly adaptable species. It lives in a variety of habitats including dry savanna","EDGE EV-DO and UMTS/HSDPA in most parts of the country. Projects to extend Wi-Fi (wireless internet) hots spots have been undertaken in Santo Domingo. Since 2015 the country has been actively extending its fiber optics network to provide faster and more reliable internet to business and private users. The Instituto","molecules. Here four guanine bases form a flat plate and these flat four-base units then stack on top of each other to form a stable G-quadruplex structure. These structures are stabilized by hydrogen bonding between the edges of the bases and chelation of a metal ion in the centre of","in the import of fuel inefficient old cars (mostly older than 10 years) primarily from Germany as their costs including taxes keeps these cars within the budget of many Danes. Denmark is in a strong position in terms of integrating fluctuating and unpredictable energy sources such as wind power in","the Houston-based group Geto Boys 1996 song \"Still\" follows the same drum pattern as \"Natural Born Killaz\" and Eazy E's \"Wut Would U Do\" (a diss to Dre) is similar to the original \"Murder was the Case\" instrumental. This style of production is usually accompanied by horror and occult-themed lyrics","has a long-standing electronica show known as Expansions on 90.3 FM KEXP. The rotating DJs include Kid Hops whose shows are made up mostly of drum and bass. In Columbus Ohio WCBE 90.5 has a two-hour electronic only showcase \"All Mixed Up\" Saturday nights at 10pm. At the same time","portion of the arc extends past the easternmost edge of Maryland. The remaining western border runs slightly east of due south from its intersection with the arc. The Wedge of land between the northwest part of the arc and the Maryland border was claimed by both Delaware and Pennsylvania until","edge. It is the presence of dislocations and their ability to readily move (and interact) under the influence of stresses induced by external loads that leads to the characteristic malleability of metallic materials. Dislocations can be observed using transmission electron microscopy field ion microscopy and atom probe techniques. Deep level","edges; these distinguished a deed binding only one person from one affecting more than a single person (an \"indenture\" so named during the time when such agreements would be written out repeatedly on a single sheet then the copies separated by being irregularly torn or cut i.e. \"indented\" so that","Wrangler Jeans dropped its sponsorship in 1987. During this season he changed the color of his paint scheme from blue and yellow to black in which the No. 3 car was painted. He won three races in 1988 finishing third in the points standings behind Bill Elliott in first and","school grew into an expanding order capable of competing with others on an equal footing. Taking advantage of good relations with the nobility and a lack of determined opposition from rival orders on the very edge of Karma Kagyu-dominated territory he founded Tashilhunpo Monastery at Shigatse. He was based there","down the outer edge of the wings. The primary feathers were mostly green but with yellow edges on the outer primaries. Thighs were green towards the top and yellow towards the feet. Male and female adults were identical in plumage however males were slightly larger than females (sexually dimorphic). The","by 18 arcminutes that possesses several stars around magnitude 13. These stars have been dimmed by up to 8 magnitudes by its dust clouds. IC 1297 is a planetary nebula of apparent magnitude 10.7 which appears as a green-hued roundish object in higher-powered amateur instruments. The nebula surrounds the variable","After control of the station passed from the Channel Four Television Company to the Channel Four Television Corporation in 1993 a shift in broadcasting style took place. Instead of aiming for the fringes of society it began to focus on the edges of the mainstream and the centre of the","a circle of granite stones set on their edge which once surrounded the cairn\u2014the rocks of which are now scattered around\u2014that was originally built over a large kistvaen that still exists beneath the pedestal. In the early 19th century there was much interest in enclosing and \"improving\" the open moorland","the edge of a pentamer turning 60 degrees counterclockwise then taking \"k\" steps to get to the next pentamer. The triangulation number \"T\" for the capsid is defined as: Icosahedral capsids contain 12 pentamers plus 10(\"T\" − 1) hexamers. The \"T\"-number is representative of the size and complexity of the capsid proteins:","stones that are \"in the house\" are considered in the scoring. A stone is in the house if it lies within the zone or any portion of its edge lies over the edge of the ring. Since the bottom of the stone is rounded a stone just barely in the","in linked groups or chains still always anchored to a thylakoid. Plastoglobuli form when a bubble appears between the layers of the lipid bilayer of the thylakoid membrane or bud from existing plastoglubuli\u2014though they never detach and float off into the stroma. Practically all plastoglobuli form on or near the","it might be faster than touch-typing if some chords were used to enter whole words or parts of words. A 1975 design by IBM Fellow Nat Rochester had 14 keys that were dimpled on the edges as well as the top so one finger could press two adjacent keys for","of the polycarbonate layer. The areas between pits are known as \"lands\". Each pit is approximately 100 nm deep by 500 nm wide and varies from 850 nm to 3.5 µm in length. The distance between the tracks the pitch is 1.6 µm. A motor within the CD player spins the disc to a scanning","and sound. Undercutting means chamfering the bottom edge of tone holes inside the bore. Acoustically this makes the tone hole function as if it were larger but its main function is to allow the air column to follow the curve up through the tone hole (surface tension) instead of \"blowing","campaign; and successful minor-party candidates are almost without exception major-party figures like Lowell Weicker whose minor parties disappear after that success. A Connecticut Party which Weicker founded became nominally the leading major party and state law was changed during his administration to provide that in a situation such as his","Loop. The Loop is only visible in long-exposure astrophotographs. However the brightest portion NGC 6992 is faintly visible in binoculars and a dimmer portion NGC 6960 is visible in wide-angle telescopes. The Northern Coalsack Nebula also called the Cygnus Rift is a dark nebula located in the Cygnus Milky Way.","with cnidocytes around their edges and medusae generally have an inner ring of tentacles around the mouth. Some hydroids may consist of colonies of zooids that serve different purposes such as defense reproduction and catching prey. The mesoglea of polyps is usually thin and often soft but that of medusae","in Caelum are still occasionally referred to by their Bayer designations although they are only on the edge of naked-eye visibility. (Nu) \"ν\" Caeli is another double star containing a white giant of magnitude 6.07 and a star of magnitude 10.66 with unknown spectral type. The system is approximately away. (Lambda) \"λ\" Caeli at","with the white jerseys in 2003\u20132005 and 2007. Experimentation continued in 2003 and 2004 when the traditional orange-brown-orange stripes on the white pants were replaced by two variations of a brown-orange-brown sequence one in which the stripes were joined (worn with white jerseys) and the other in which they were","the ground; and their sides are fringed with white scales which effectively hide and disrupt any remaining areas of shadow there may be under the edge of the body. The theory that the body shape of the horned lizards which live in open desert is adapted to minimise shadow is","that at the Byrsa (100 m and 50 m). In between runs a ridge several times reaching 50 m; it continues northwestward along the seashore and forms the edge of a plateau-like area between the Byrsa and the sea. Newer urban developments lay here in these northern districts. Surrounding Carthage","edges on objects where the pixel grid is visible. In order to remove aliasing all rendering algorithms (if they are to produce good-looking images) must use some kind of low-pass filter on the image function to remove high frequencies a process called antialiasing. Due to the large number of calculations","jazz and its related genres were uncommon in the Japanese market. Mitsuda considers \"Chrono Trigger\" a landmark title which helped mature his talent. While Mitsuda later held that the title piece was \"rough around the edges\" he maintains that it had \"significant influence on [his] life as a composer\". In","the foundation of several important monasteries: Derry at the southern edge of Inishowen; Durrow County Offaly; Kells County Meath; and Swords. While at Derry it is said that he planned a pilgrimage to Rome and Jerusalem but did not proceed farther than Tours. Thence he brought a copy of those","as lines or edges and then controlling the filtering based on local information from the analysis step a better level of noise removal is usually obtained compared to the simpler approaches. An example in this field is inpainting. The organization of a computer vision system is highly application dependent. Some","flavours from the stew. The lid to the steamer has holes around its edge so steam can escape. It is also possible to use a pot with a steamer insert. If the holes are too big the steamer can be lined with damp cheesecloth. There is little archaeological evidence of","league records for the most consecutive scoreless innings pitched and the most consecutive innings without allowing a hit; the latter record still stands at 25.1 innings or 76 hitless batters. Even after allowing a hit Young's scoreless streak reached a then-record 45 shutout innings. Before Young only two pitchers had","Uyghur are spoken in Uzbekistan Tajikistan Kyrgyzstan Afghanistan and Xinjiang. The Turkic languages may belong to a larger but controversial Altaic language family which includes Mongolian. Mongolian is spoken throughout Mongolia and into Buryatia Kalmyk Tuva Inner Mongolia and Xinjiang. Middle Iranian languages were once spoken throughout Central Asia such","said to be derived directly from foreign models. It is heavy because the links are tinned (biakuro-nagashi) and these are also sharp edged because they are punched out of iron plate Butted and or split (twisted) links made up the majority of \"kusari\" links used by the Japanese. Links were","rules regulations and divisions. This situation became a concern to gym owners because the inconsistencies caused coaches to keep their routines in a constant state of flux detracting from time that could be better utilized for developing skills and providing personal attention to their athletes. More importantly because the various","As per Walter Chrysler's wishes the elevators were designed to run at a rate of despite the speed restriction enforced in all city elevators at the time. This restriction was loosened soon after the Empire State Building opened in 1931 as that building had also been equipped with high-speed elevators.","extends over two of the regions of the state the Central Depression and the Central Highlands over the municipalities of Tuxtla Gutiérrez Nuevo Usumacinta Chiapa de Corzo and San Fernando. The canyon has steep and vertical sides that rise to up to 1000 meters from the river below with mostly","Rose Tony Pérez Johnny Bench Lee May Tommy Helms Bernie Carbo Hal McRae Dave Concepción and Gary Nolan. The tipping point came in 1967 with the appointment of Bob Howsam as general manager. That same year the Reds avoided a move to San Diego when the city of Cincinnati and","3D computer animation combines 3D models of objects and programmed or hand \"keyframed\" movement. These models are constructed out of geometrical vertices faces and edges in a 3D coordinate system. Objects are sculpted much like real clay or plaster working from general forms to specific details with various sculpting tools.","speculative edge of medicine. Cryonics procedures can only begin after legal death and cryonics \"patients\" are considered legally dead. Cryonics procedures ideally begin within minutes of legal death and use cryoprotectants to prevent ice formation during cryopreservation. The first corpse to be cryopreserved was that of Dr. James Bedford in","conservative party the National Party disbanded in 1973 following a military coup and did not re-emerge as a political force following the subsequent return to democracy. Having its roots in the conservative Catholic Party the Christian People's Party retained a conservative edge through the twentieth century supporting the king in","(about the size of a ribosome) were excluded from parts of the cytosol around the edges of the cell and next to the nucleus. These \"excluding compartments\" may contain a much denser meshwork of actin fibres than the remainder of the cytosol. These microdomains could influence the distribution of large","an affair with Peter Barlow after they shared a passionate kiss during Peter and Carla Connor's wedding reception but is later killed by Carla's brother Rob Donovan after he discovers the affair. Peter is arrested and jailed for the murder but is released from prison once the real identity of","biologist Lynn Margulis. The couple had two children Jeremy and Dorion Sagan. After Carl Sagan and Margulis divorced he married artist Linda Salzman in 1968 and they also had a child together Nick Sagan. During these marriages Carl Sagan focused heavily on his career a factor which may have contributed","lever press or a key peck. In this device a sheet of paper gradually unrolls over a cylinder. Each response steps a small pen across the paper starting at one edge; when the pen reaches the other edge it quickly resets to the initial side. The slope of the resulting","live edged weapon it can still be deadly and any training with a bokken should be done with due care. Injuries occurring from bokken are very similar to those caused by clubs and similar battering weapons and include compound fractures ruptured organs and other such blunt force injuries. In some","explicitly β-strand 2 is H-bonded to β-strand 1 which is H-bonded to β-strand 3 which is H-bonded to β-strand 4 which is H-bonded to β-strand 5 the other edge strand. In the same system the Greek key motif described above has a 4123 topology. The secondary structure of a β-sheet","in standard zoological measurement techniques. The standard measuring technique is to measure in a straight line from the upper jaw to the notch in the tail flukes. This came about because the edges of the tail flukes were typically cut off and the lower jaw often falls open upon death.","the early Italian city-states. At the edge of Europe Egypt Russia and Turkey have histories of chronic default as well.\" The principal focus of modern insolvency legislation and business debt restructuring practices no longer rests on the elimination of insolvent entities but on the remodeling of the financial and organizational","example a height/weight chart may say the ideal weight (BMI 21.5) for a man is . But if that man has a slender build (small frame) he may be overweight at and should reduce by 10% to roughly (BMI 19.4). In the reverse the man with a larger frame and","Paramount executives used his bible and scripts to steer development of \"Deep Space Nine\". He and Warner did not file suit against Paramount largely because Straczynski didn't see it as a productive option with negative repercussions for both TV series. In 1993 he responded to a \"Deep Space Nine\" fan","SE of Giles in 1980 (c.1000 km) is on display at Giles Weather Station. Another piece was located in","A lathe is used to spin the bell head and to form a bead at the edge of bell head. Previously shaped bell necks are annealed using a hand torch to soften the metal for further bending. Scratches are removed from the bell using abrasive-coated cloth. A few specialty instruments","hour. Connections on the Würzburg\u2013Bamberg line to the west are hourly regional trains to Würzburg which is fully connected to the ICE network. Tourists arriving at Frankfurt International Airport can take advantage of the new direct connection from Frankfurt main station. Bamberg is not near any of the major (i.e.","School and Beacon ACE Academy both situated west of the town centre. Beacon ACE Academy is part of the Atlantic Centre of Excellence Multi Academy Trust. Bodmin College is a large state comprehensive school for ages 11\u201318 on the outskirts of the town and on the edge of Bodmin Moor.","example of a problem where this method has been used is the clique problem: given a CNF formula consisting of \"c\" clauses the corresponding graph consists of a vertex for each literal and an edge between each two non-contradicting literals from different clauses cf. picture. The graph has a \"c\"-clique","be generated. The only other common non-cubical die is the 10-sided die a pentagonal trapezohedron die whose faces are ten kites each with two different edge lengths three different angles and two different kinds of vertices. Such sets frequently include a second 10-sided die either of contrasting color or numbered","has no true fivefold symmetry axes. Its 30 edges are divided into two sets \u2013 containing 24 and 6 edges of the same length. The only axes of rotational symmetry are three mutually perpendicular twofold axes and four threefold axes. Although regular dodecahedra do not exist in crystals the pyritohedron","although some players use them for short drives where trees or other obstacles come into play. Usually a pro carries 1\u20137 putters depending on their flight characteristics. Mid-range discs have slightly sharper edges that enable them to cut through the air better. These discs are usually faster more stable and","wrote the screenplays for \"The Verdict\" (1982) directed by Sidney Lumet \"The Postman Always Rings Twice\" (1981) directed by Bob Rafelson \"The Untouchables\" (1987) directed by Brian De Palma \"Hoffa\" (1992) \"Ronin\" (1998) \"Wag the Dog\" (1997) \"The Edge\" (1997) and \"Hannibal\" (2001). Mamet was also the executive producer and","players add matching tiles. In practice players often play tiles at right angles when the line of play gets too close to the edge of the table. The rules for the line of play often differ from one variant to another. In many rules the doubles serve as spinners i.e.","on the northern edge of the Arnhem Land plateau from the freshwater period (that had begun 1500 years ago) shows a didgeridoo player and two songmen participating in an Ubarr Ceremony. A modern didgeridoo is usually cylindrical or conical and can measure anywhere from long. Most are around long. Generally","the blue channel will have a greater depth of field than the other colours. The image processing identifies blurred regions in the red and green channels and in these regions copies the sharper edge data from the blue channel. The result is an image that combines the best features from","has the highest cliffs in southern Britain culminating in the Great Hangman a \"hog's-back\" hill with an cliff-face located near Combe Martin Bay. Its sister cliff is the Little Hangman which marks the western edge of coastal Exmoor. One of the features of the North Devon coast is that Bideford","1854: His new alphabet closely resembled an 1853 publication of Isaac Pitman containing only 33 letters. However at this point Young was still enamored with the original Deseret alphabet and so he rejected the proposal and Watt continued to publicly promote the alphabet as part of his job despite his","the yeast inactive. A tap hole near the edge of the top and a spile hole on the side used for conditioning the unfiltered and unpasteurised beer. A keg has a single opening in the centre of the top to which a flow pipe is attached. Kegs are artificially pressurised","notched it on the edge and thus invented the saw. He put two pieces of iron together connecting them at one end with a rivet and sharpening the other ends and made a pair of compasses. Daedalus was so envious of his nephew's accomplishments that he took an opportunity and","0.3%. Keno can have house edges up to 25% slot machines having up to 15% while most Australian Pontoon games have house edges between 0.3% and 0.4%. It's always important to look for the casino game with the lowest house advantage. The calculation of the roulette house edge was a","Volcanism here has created crater lakes. On 21 August 1986 one of these Lake Nyos belched carbon dioxide and killed between 1700 and 2000 people. This area has been delineated by the World Wildlife Fund as the Cameroonian Highlands forests ecoregion. The southern plateau rises northward to the grassy rugged","move the Kanembu people to Bornu on the western edge of Lake Chad. Over time the intermarriage of the Kanembu and Bornu peoples created a new people and language the Kanuri and founded a new capital Ngazargamu. Kanem-Bornu peaked during the reign of the outstanding statesman \"Mai\" Idris Aluma (c.","is divided into four quadrants. The outer edge of the board is raised slightly to keep errant shots from flying out with a gutter between the playing surface and the edge to collect discarded pieces. Crokinole boards are typically octagonal or round in shape. The discs are roughly checker-sized slightly","Queensland instead. The outer edge of the Great Barrier Reef is the boundary between Queensland and the Coral Sea Islands Territory. The territory is a possession or external territory of Australia administered from Canberra by the Attorney-General's Department (before 29 November 2007 administration was carried out by the Department of","people through the city alongside cars on the roads. Economic function itself also became more decentralized as concentration became impractical and employers relocated to more car-friendly locations (including edge cities). Some cities have introduced bus rapid transit systems which include exclusive bus lanes and other methods for prioritizing bus traffic","from the edge of the Adamaoua to Lake Chad. Its characteristic vegetation is scrub and grass. This is region of sparse rainfall and high median temperatures has been included as part of the East Sudanian savanna ecoregion. The climate varies with terrain from tropical along the coast to semiarid and","the edge of the Congo-Nile watershed. Estimates of the amount of the country covered by forest ranges up to 8% with the densest parts in the south. The forest is highly diverse and includes commercially important species of Ayous Sapelli and Sipo. The deforestation rate is 0.4% per annum and","5.7 earthquake was recorded in 1973. The region that is today the state of Colorado has been inhabited by Native Americans for more than 13000 years. The Lindenmeier Site in Larimer County contains artifacts dating from approximately 11200 BC to 3000 BC. The eastern edge of the Rocky Mountains was","coast and in 1812 established a trading post at Fort Ross. Russia's early 19th-century coastal settlements in California were positioned just north of the northernmost edge of the area of Spanish settlement in San Francisco Bay and were the southernmost Russian settlements in North America. The Russian settlements associated with","The fundamental advantage of an integrated graphene-CNT structure is the high surface area three-dimensional framework of the CNTs coupled with the high edge density of graphene. Depositing a high density of graphene foliates along the length of aligned CNTs can significantly increase the total charge capacity per unit of nominal","be considered: Damage of any sort (e.g. holes edge dents repairs cleaning re-engraving or gouges) can substantially reduce the value of a coin. Specimens are occasionally cleaned or polished in an attempt to pass them off as higher grades or as uncirculated strikes. Because of the substantially lower prices for","known elsewhere as coconut crabs also exist in large numbers on the island. The annual red crab mass migration (around 100 million animals) to the sea to spawn has been called one of the wonders of the natural world. This takes place each year around November \u2013 after the start","in Southeast Asia; [[India]] [[Bhutan]] [[Nepal]] [[Afghanistan]] and [[Pakistan]] in South Asia; [[Tajikistan]] [[Kyrgyzstan]] and [[Kazakhstan]] in Central Asia; and [[Russia]] [[Mongolia]] and [[North Korea]] in [[Inner Asia]] and [[Northeast Asia]]. Additionally China shares maritime boundaries with [[South Korea]] Japan Vietnam and the [[Philippines]]. The territory of China lies between","an entrance called \"Entrada de Hezeta\". Following Heceta's reports British maritime fur trader Captain John Meares searched for the river in 1788 but concluded that it did not exist. He named Cape Disappointment for the non-existent river not realizing the cape marks the northern edge of the river's mouth. What","area but no edges). It was later realized that Einstein's model was just one of a larger set of possibilities all of which were consistent with general relativity and the cosmological principle. The cosmological solutions of general relativity were found by Alexander Friedmann in the early 1920s. His equations describe","addition to the Fertit Hills in the northeast of the CAR there are scattered hills in the southwest regions. In the northwest is the Yade Massif a granite plateau with an altitude of . At the Central African Republic is the world's 45th-largest country. It is comparable in size to","double electricity consumption. South Moravia has small oil and gas deposits. Václav Havel Airport in Prague is the main international airport in the country. In 2010 it handled 11.6 million passengers which makes it the second busiest airport in Central Europe. In total the Czech Republic has 46 airports with paved","destination of a cell as it passes through a series of ATM switches on its way to its destination. The length of the VPI varies according to whether the cell is sent on the user-network interface (on the edge of the network) or if it is sent on the network-network","It orbits Jupiter at a radius of about 129000 km (1.806 Jupiter radii) at the exterior edge of the planet's Main Ring. Adrastea is one of only three moons in the Solar System known to orbit its planet in less than the length of that planet's day\u2014the other two being Jupiter's innermost","they invade buildings or cause economic losses. In some parts of the world (mainly Africa and South America) large ants especially army ants are used as surgical sutures. The wound is pressed together and ants are applied along it. The ant seizes the edges of the wound in its mandibles","a result André suffered a kayfabe mild heart attack and vowed revenge. During the next few weeks Roberts frequently walked to ringside during André's matches causing him to run from the ring in fright (since he knew what was inside the bag). Throughout their feud (which culminated at WrestleMania V)","edges of the dent close up in the middle leaving openings at the ends which become the mouth and anus.","how long the operation will take. While the ATA lock is intended to be impossible to defeat without a valid password there are purported workarounds to unlock a device. Due to a short cable length specification and shielding issues it is extremely uncommon to find external PATA devices that directly","weeks later on 10 May 1974. The A300B2 entered revenue service on 23 May 1974 between Paris and London. The major production version. Features a centre fuel tank for increased fuel capacity (47500 kg) and new wing root Krüger flaps which were later made available as an option for the B2.","accuracy of the results may be unpredictable or distorted. For example jagged edges may appear. Several vendors provide on-line conversions for free such as Cometdocs.autoCAD commonly use in all purposes. Auto CAD and AutoCAD LT are available for English German French Italian Spanish Korean Chinese Simplified Chinese Traditional Brazilian Portuguese","instance a particle of matter at the outer edge of a wheel is in effect at the end of a lever of the same length as the wheel's radius its momentum turning the lever about the center point. This imaginary lever is known as the \"moment arm\". It has the","cattle or zebu descended from Indian aurochs at the edge of the Thar Desert; the zebu is resistant to drought. Domestic yak gayal and Bali cattle do not descend from aurochs. The first complete mitochondrial genome (16338 base pairs) DNA sequence analysis of \"Bos primigenius\" from an archaeologically verified and","reports noting that the purchase looked like a move by Apple to get data and tools to bolster its Apple Music streaming service. Macs currently in production: Apple sells a variety of computer accessories for Macs including Thunderbolt Display Magic Mouse Magic Trackpad Magic Keyboard the AirPort wireless networking products","\"in-between\" spoken varieties: from nearly pure Modern Standard Arabic (MSA) to a form that still uses MSA grammar and vocabulary but with significant colloquial influence to a form of the colloquial language that imports a number of words and grammatical constructions in MSA to a form that is close to","while the first kind is more widespread. \"Ray florets\" are always highly zygomorphic and are characterised by the presence of a \"ligule\" a strap-shaped structure on the edge of the corolla tube consisting of fused petals. In the Asteroideae and other minor subfamilies these are usually borne only on florets","\"only an intellectual \"Rocky Horror Show\"\" and John Gross of \"The Sunday Telegraph\" calling it \"a clockwork lemon\". Even Burgess himself who wrote the script based on his novel was disappointed. According to \"The Evening Standard\" he called the score written by Bono and The Edge of the rock group","Marc Guggenheim Fred Van Lente and Zeb Wells joined by a rotation of artists that included Chris Bachalo Phil Jimenez Mike McKone John Romita Jr. and Marcos Martín. Joe Kelly Mark Waid and Roger Stern later joined the writing team and Barry Kitson the artist roster. Waid's work on the","around screen edges \u2013 for instance an asteroid that drifts off the top edge of the screen reappears at the bottom and continues moving in the same direction. As the player shoots asteroids they break into smaller asteroids that move faster and are more difficult to hit. Smaller asteroids are","750000 people visit them every year. The fictional Hundred Acre Wood of the Pooh stories derives from Five Hundred Acre Wood in Ashdown Forest in East Sussex South East England where the Pooh stories were set. Milne lived on the northern edge of the forest at Cotchford Farm and took","at the edges of the umbel as in carrot (\"Daucus carota\"). Some are andromonoecious polygamomonoecious or even dioecious (as in \"Acronema\") with a distinct calyx and corolla but the calyx is often highly reduced to the point of being undetectable in many species while the corolla can be white yellow","edge of the Moon as seen from Earth. With more advanced equipment but still cheap in comparison to professional setups amateur astronomers can measure the light spectrum emitted from astronomical objects which can yield high-quality scientific data if the measurements are performed with due care. A relatively recent role for","West\" is...the equal of Sherwood Anderson's \"WinesburgOhio\" Thornton Wilder's \"Our Town\" and Edgar Lee Masters' \"Spoon River Anthology\".\" This was followed eight years later by \"Return to Walden West\" a work of similar quality but with a more noticeable environmentalist edge to the writing notes critic Norbert Blei. A close","edge by the Gulf of Riga and in the west by the Swedish part of the southern Scandinavian Peninsula. The Baltic Sea is connected by artificial waterways to the White Sea via the White Sea Canal and to the German Bight of the North Sea via the Kiel Canal. Administration","unpopularity (\u201cMe and My Town\u201d). The scheming Comptroller Schub tells her that he has a plan to save her administration and the town promising \u201cIt's highly unethical.\u201d He tells her to meet him at the rock on the edge of town. At the rock a local mother Mrs. Schroeder tries","days. It was a mid-summer shoot and while on location on a huge castle set that was built near Acton California on the edge of the Mojave Desert the cast and crew endured very hot conditions during the day and very cold temperatures at night. Most of the film took","the algorithms mentioned above and gives a more refined time bound. In the disjoint-set data structure \"m\" represents the number of operations while \"n\" represents the number of elements; in the minimum spanning tree algorithm \"m\" represents the number of edges while \"n\" represents the number of vertices. Several slightly","one of the highest elevations among major cities east of the Mississippi River. Atlanta straddles the Eastern Continental Divide such that rainwater that falls on the south and east side of the divide flows into the Atlantic Ocean while rainwater on the north and west side of the divide flows","noted monasteries of Nitria Kellia and Scetis) on the edge of the Western Desert about west of Alexandria. He remained there for 13 years. According to Athanasius the devil fought Anthony by afflicting him with boredom laziness and the phantoms of women which he overcame by the power of prayer","an oscillating saw. Sharp and rough edges of the bone(s) are filed down skin and muscle flaps are then transposed over the stump occasionally with the insertion of elements to attach a prosthesis. The use of rigid removeable dressings (RRD's) in trans-tibial (below knee) amputations rather than soft bandaging has","Jackson. As the 150th anniversary of his birth approached London University inaugurated its Housman lectures on classical subjects in 2005 initially given every second year then annually after 2011. The anniversary itself in 2009 saw the launch of","ceased operations upon legal challenges from AT&T and other service providers. Statistical arbitrage is an imbalance in expected nominal values. A casino has a statistical arbitrage in every game of chance that it offers\u2014referred to as the house advantage house edge vigorish or house vigorish. Long-Term Capital Management (LTCM) lost","have had four main types of burials: \"umqan\" cave above-ground sarcophagi and burials connected to communal houses. Umqan burials are the most widely known type of mortuary practice found in the Aleutian Islands. The people created burial mounds that tend to be located on the edge of a bluff. They","Squadron of the 919th Special Operations Wing. In 1980 the aircraft was upgraded from the original three-bladed propellers to the quieter four-bladed propellers and was eventually retired in late 1995. The retirement also marked an end to the Air Force Reserve Command flying the AC-130A. The aircraft now sits on","houses are being built with balconies and greener spaces and Phoenix Place which will also include new housing and the building of a new mosque to help the overcrowding of nearby mosques. The wood nook area has the highest amount of abandoned housing in Hyndburn which is also being refurbished","moving back home to resolve tensions between himself and his mother (Debbie Reynolds). 1999's \"The Muse\" featured Brooks as a Hollywood screenwriter who has \"lost his edge\" using the services of an authentic muse (Sharon Stone) for inspiration. In an interview with Brooks with regards to \"The Muse\" Gavin Smith","surface is usually referred to as a \"pole\" as these are coincident with the crystallographic axes of the specimen (FCC BCC HCP) etc. Where the edges of an atomic terrace causes deflection a low density line is formed and is termed a \"zone line\". These poles and zone-lines whilst inducing","was directed by Eric Gruendemann and was produced by various people including Sam Raimi. The show aired for two seasons from 2000 to 2001. He had a recurring role as \"Bill Church Jr.\" based upon the character of Morgan Edge from the Superman comics on \"\". From 1996 to 1997","one year went to the World Series the next; both the Twins and Braves accomplished the feat. Despite the 1991 World Series loss the Braves' success would continue. In 1992 the Braves returned to the NLCS and once again defeated the Pirates in seven games culminating in a dramatic game","before the 13th century BC an earthquake caused a fissure near the northeastern edge of the Acropolis. This fissure extended some 35 meters to a bed of soft marl in which a well was dug. An elaborate set of stairs was built and the well served as an invaluable protected","later Scott and Irwin became the seventh and eighth humans respectively to walk on the Moon. After unloading the Lunar Roving Vehicle (LRV) the two drove to the first moonwalk's primary destination Elbow Crater along the edge of Hadley Rille. On returning to the LM \"Falcon\" Scott and Irwin deployed","of planets orbiting other star systems including similar binary systems (Gamma Cephei) raises the possibility that additional planets may exist in the Alpha Centauri system. Such planets could orbit Alpha Centauri A or Alpha Centauri B individually or be on large orbits around the binary Alpha Centauri AB. Because both the principal","with wood bronze marble or mixed media. Among the notable works from this period is the memorial to the Battle of Suomussalmi (1960); located on the battlefield it consists of a leaning bronze pillar on a pedestal. The early 1960s and 1970s (up until his death in 1976) were marked","to sell hardware using either the Amiga or AmigaOne brand to Eyetech Group Hyperion Entertainment and Commodore USA. At its core the Amiga has a custom chipset consisting of several coprocessors which handle audio video and direct memory access independently of the Central Processing Unit (CPU). This architecture freed up","the northern edge of the SAF this being the most northerly water to pass through Drake Passage and therefore be circumpolar. Much of the ACC transport is carried in this front which is defined as the latitude at which a subsurface salinity minimum or a thick layer of unstratified Subantarctic","the lunar highlands. Apollo 14 had visited and sampled a ridge of material that had been ejected by the impact that created the Mare Imbrium impact basin. Likewise Apollo 15 had also sampled material in the region of Imbrium visiting the basin's edge. There remained the possibility because the Apollo","and \"LVCACH\" in these locations on his world map of 1571. Likewise Linschoten\u2019s very popular 1596 map of the East Indies showed \"BEACH\" projecting from the map\u2019s southern edge leading (or misleading) Visscher and Tasman in their voyage of 1642 to seek Beach with its plentiful gold in a location","precision numerical calculations (which is in all applications): premultiplied alpha has a unique representation for transparent pixels avoiding the need to choose a \"clear color\" or resultant artefacts such as edge fringes (see the next paragraphs). In other words color information of transparent pixels is lost in premultiplied alpha as","the Moon's trailing edge (the Apollo spacecraft always approached the Moon's leading edge). The Moon's gravity would then slingshot the stage into solar orbit. However a small error in the state vector in the Saturn's guidance system caused the S-IVB to fly past the Moon at too high an altitude","and Buzz Aldrin. The Apollo 15 mission left on the surface of the Moon a tiny memorial statue \"Fallen Astronaut\" along with a plaque containing the names of the Apollo 1 astronauts among others including Soviet cosmonauts who perished in the pursuit of human space flight. After the Apollo 1","United States and Japan. Aaliyah's fashionable style has been credited for being an influence on new fashion trend's called \"Health Goth\" and \"Ghetto Goth\" also known as GHE20 GOTH1K Aaliyah participated in fashion designer Tommy Hilfiger's All America Tour and was featured in Tommy Jean ads which depicted her in","the world as commemorative Moon trees. The oval insignia shows a gold NASA Astronaut Pin given to U.S. astronauts upon completing their first space flight traveling from the Earth to the Moon. A gold band around the edge includes the mission and astronaut names. The designer was Jean Beaulieu. The","end of that decade. Black Sabbath have influenced many acts including Iron Maiden Slayer Metallica Nirvana Korn Mayhem Venom Judas Priest Guns N' Roses Soundgarden Body Count Alice in Chains Anthrax Disturbed Death Opeth Pantera Megadeth the Smashing Pumpkins Slipknot Foo Fighters Fear Factory Candlemass Godsmack and Van Halen. Two","technique for discovering them is fuzzing. Edge case testing can also uncover buffer overflows as can static analysis. Once a potential buffer overflow is detected it must be patched; this makes the testing approach useful for software that is in development but less useful for legacy software that is no","protruding head with a larger beak straighter edged wings which are held flat (not slightly raised) and with a stiffer wing beat and feathers which do not completely cover the legs. When seen well the golden eagle is distinctive in plumage with a more solid warm brown color than an","\"m\" votes and candidate B scores \"n\" − \"m\" that the probability throughout the counting that A will have more votes than B is no matter how large the total number of votes \"n\" may be. In other words if one candidate has an edge on the other candidate he will tend","as \"the most dangerous man on Earth\" able to defeat an entire team of superpowered extraterrestrials by himself in order to rescue his imprisoned teammates in Grant Morrison's first storyline in \"JLA.\" Batman has the ability to function under great physical pain and to withstand telepathy and mind control. He","Between 1850 and 1950 Barcelonnette was the source of a wave of emigration to Mexico. Among these emigrants was Jean Baptiste Ebrard founder of the Liverpool department store chain in Mexico; Marcelo Ebrard the head of government of Mexico City from 2006 to 2012 is also descended from them. On","shortstop Everett Scott and pitchers Bullet Joe Bush and Sad Sam Jones were traded to the Yankees for Roger Peckinpaugh (who would be immediately shipped to the Washington Senators) Jack Quinn Rip Collins Bill Piercy and $50000. On July 23 Joe Dugan and Elmer Smith were traded to the Yankees","house arrest two years of probation and 250 hours of community service for an obstruction of justice conviction stemming from a grand jury appearance in 2003. However U.S. District Judge Susan Illston then delayed the sentence pending an appeal. In 2013 his conviction was upheld on appeal by a three","in the industry. Models and beauty contestants television actors theatre actors and even common people come to Mumbai with the hope and dream of becoming a star. Just as in Hollywood very few succeed. Since many Bollywood films are shot abroad many foreign extras are employed too. Very few non-Indian","outline is drawn on the top of the blank to show the areas to be shaped for the leading and trailing edges of the wings. The profiles of the wings are shaped. The top of the leading edge of each wing is decreased at a 45° angle while the rear","opposed to traditional pitot tubes which would negatively affect the aircraft's stealth capabilities. The flight actuation system incorporates both hydraulic and electrical servoactuated components and it was designed with a high level of redundancy and fault-diagnostic capabilities. Northrop had investigated several means of applying directional control that would least infringe","prices. \"Note: This text is entirely based on the municipal statistical database provided by the city council.\" Barcelona is one of the most densely populated cities in Europe. For the year 2008 the city council calculated the population to 1621090 living in the 102.2 km sized municipality giving the city an","disrupt the landings at the water's edge and depend on an in-depth defense farther inland. Colonel Nakagawa used the rough terrain to his advantage by constructing a system of heavily fortified bunkers caves and underground positions all interlocked into a \"honeycomb\" system. The old \"banzai charge\" attack was also discontinued","form called \"Strings-and-Coins\". This game is played on a network of coins (vertices) joined by strings (edges). Players take turns cutting a string. When a cut leaves a coin with no strings the player \"pockets\" the coin and takes another turn. The winner is the player who pockets the most","operators\" such as Grand Central and Hull Trains) The following table is according to the Office of Rail and Road and includes \"open access operators\" such as Grand Central and Hull Trains. There are 2563 passenger railway stations on the Network Rail network. This does not include the London Underground","the cause of the roof collapse. The Power-Fast Epoxy Adhesive used in the installation was designed for short-term loading such as wind or earthquake loads not long-term loading such as the weight of a panel. Powers Fasteners the makers of the adhesive revised their product specifications on May 15 2007","first partitioning the edges i.e. defining the binary tree as triplet (V E E) where (V E ∪ E) is a rooted tree (equivalently arborescence) and E ∩ E is empty and also requiring that for all \"j\" ∈ { 1 2 } every node has at most one E","habitat for the species. In western Eurasia they inhabit mostly mountainous woodlands in ranges such as the Alps the Pyrenees and the Caucasus though they may have been driven into more wooded precipitous habitats due to the prior extensive persecution of the species in some regions. In Central Asia human","on campus including Grady Gammage Memorial Auditorium designed by Frank Lloyd Wright; Palm Walk which is lined by 111 palm trees; Charles Trumbull Hayden Library; the University Club building; Margaret Gisolo Dance Theatre; and University Bridge. In addition the campus has an extensive public art collection considered one of the","railings and observatory towers. The Frozen Fountain The motif of the frozen fountain a historical symbol for eternal life was popularized by the French Glass designer Rene Lalique. Some of his best-known works were seen in his designs at the 1926 Paris exposition. This symbol soon became a prevalent feature","star polygon bases cannot be constructed with equal edge lengths so are not uniform polyhedra. Star antiprism compounds also can be constructed where \"p\" and \"q\" have common factors; thus a","contributors have included: The role-playing game \"Over the Edge\" was inspired by discussions in \"A&E\". \"Alarums and excursions\" is a stage direction for the moving of","public in response to a December 2004 Freedom of Information Act request by Judicial Watch. Some still images from the video had previously been released and publicly circulated but this was the first official release of the edited video of the crash. A nearby Citgo service station also had security","and circulating it widely necessitated a high degree of political control. The traditional position says that the ensuing war with the Almoravids pushed Ghana over the edge ending the kingdom's position as a commercial and military power by 1100. It collapsed into tribal groups and chieftaincies some of which later","shades of pink also have stripes veining darkened edges white centers and light yellow centers also setting them apart from the original light pink. In addition the hybrids often produce flowers in a fuller circle rather than the \"side-facing\" habit of the \"old-fashioned\" pink. The hybrids are able to adapt","their blindness about the need for political liberty in Russia and for their wasting of the nation's strength in unnecessary and counterproductive foreign adventures. Moreover he attacks Pan-Slavism the idea that Russia had a mission to unite Slavic peoples and to come to the defense of the Orthodox wherever they","both corners and edges. Ignoring scaling expansion can also be viewed as truncation of corners and edges but with a particular ratio between corner and edge truncation. Note the duality between the cube and the octahedron and between the dodecahedron and the","edge of a circular billiard table at which a player must aim a cue ball at a given point to make it bounce off the table edge and hit another ball at a second given point. Thus its main application in optics is to solve the problem \"Given a light","15000 and 2000 houses. Most of the inhabitants were Sunni Muslim Arabs though a small Jewish community lived in the town's southern edge. In 1918 the town was captured by British forces and by 1921 became incorporated into the Kingdom of Iraq. It remained an administrative center of a qadaa","its right an Apollo CSM is shown next to an LM with the CSM's nose pointed at the \"front door\" of the LM rather than at its top docking port. The CSM is trailing rocket fire in a circle. The crew's names are along the top edge of the circle","mission to launch from the Cape Air Force Station in the 20th century. As of January 2017 Cunningham is the only surviving member of the crew. Eisele died in 1987 and Schirra in 2007. The insignia for the flight shows a Command and Service module with its SPS engine firing","after and given to the city by Miss Elizabeth Crombie Duthie of Ruthrieston in 1881. It has extensive gardens a rose hill boating pond bandstand and play area as well as Europe's second largest enclosed gardens the David Welch Winter Gardens. Hazlehead Park is large and forested located on the","or sometimes in cists covered with cairns. The greatest quantities of bronze objects in England were discovered in East Cambridgeshire where the most important finds were recovered in Isleham (more than 6500 pieces). Alloying of copper with zinc or tin to make brass or bronze was practised soon after the","Catholic church located at ul. Vasiljeva 197 (near Rynok Bayat). It is the only Catholic cathedral in Kyrgyzstan. The Dordoy Bazaar just inside the bypass highway on the north-eastern edge of the city is a major retail and wholesale market. The Kyrgyz Ala-Too mountain range some away provides a spectacular","now washed out and alcoholic. It premiered on October 13 2016 on Amazon Video. On February 15 2017 Amazon announced the series had been renewed for a second season. In 1990 Thornton who has had a lifelong love for music began a hobby as a singer-songwriter. He released a roots","a rough semicircle approximately from the shore. These shoals were too shallow to permit the passage of larger warships and so Brueys ordered his thirteen ships of the line to form up in a line of battle following the northeastern edge of the shoals to the south of the island","edge of the ice plateau at an average velocity of . Ground blizzard refers to a weather condition where loose snow or ice on the ground is lifted and blown by strong winds. The primary difference between a ground blizzard as opposed to a regular blizzard is that in a","the Romans advanced in a wedge formation the Britons attempted to flee but were impeded by the presence of their own families whom they had stationed in a ring of wagons at the edge of the battlefield and were slaughtered. This is not the first instance of this tactic \u2014","disc had a solid surface it would emit large amounts of radiation as the highly energetic gas hits the surface an effect that is observed for neutron stars in a similar state. The X-ray emissions from accretion disks sometimes flicker at certain frequencies. These signals are called quasi-periodic oscillations and","747's design included structural redundancy redundant hydraulic systems quadruple main landing gear and dual control surfaces. Additionally some of the most advanced high-lift devices used in the industry were included in the new design to allow it to operate from existing airports. These included slats running almost the entire length","shui masters on matters of design prior to construction. The building has been criticised by some practitioners of feng shui for its sharp edges and its negative symbolism by the numerous 'X' shapes in its original design though Pei modified the design to some degree before construction following this feedback.","wide islands in the center of Broadway on the south side of West 72nd Street. For many years all traffic on Broadway flowed on either side of this median and its subway entrance and its uptown lanes went past it along the western edge of triangular Verdi Square. In 2001","centre spot parallel with the shortlines. At each of the corners a radius quarter-circle is drawn and a dotted line is painted parallel to the shortline and away from it without extending into the penalty area. The dotted line can be replaced with a long line starting at the edge","1959 Anne Cole one of the United States' largest swimsuit designers said \"It's nothing more than a G-string. It's at the razor's edge of decency.\" The Hays Code was abandoned by the mid-1960s and with it the prohibition of female navel exposure as well as other restrictions. The influence of","grassland open woodland areas roadsides and wood edges. Its range covers the southeastern quadrant of the United States from the Great Lakes and southern Minnesota east to Pennsylvania and southern Massachusetts and extending west to southern Nebraska Kansas Oklahoma Colorado front-range foothills to 7000 feet and all but westernmost Texas.","to make buildings throughout the city and marble steps led down to the river's edge. The basic framework of the city consists of two large semicircles about in diameter. The city was designed as a circle about in diameter leading it to be known as the \"Round City\". The original","Meuse\u2013Rhine Euroregion close to the border tripoint of Germany the Netherlands and Belgium. The city of Heerlen in the Netherlands lies nearby as does Eupen the capital of the German-speaking Community of Belgium both located about from Aachen's city centre. Aachen lies near the head of the open valley of","submerged peaks of the extreme northern edge of the Andes range but ongoing geological studies indicate that such a simplification does not do justice to the complex tectonic boundary between the South American and Caribbean plates. The Andes are a Mesozoic\u2013Tertiary orogenic belt of mountains along the Pacific Ring of","including \"teach by encouragement\" art education music education acting exercises learning through experience risk-taking in the classroom tolerance in schools physical education/recess and early childhood education. The teachings of William Ellery Channing a few years earlier had also laid the groundwork for the work of most of the Concord Transcendentalists.","yahnahpin\" were also reclassified as \"Brontosaurus\". Some features proposed to separate \"Brontosaurus\" from \"Apatosaurus\" include: posterior dorsal vertebrae with the centrum longer than wide; the scapula rear to the acromial edge and the distal blade being excavated; the acromial edge of the distal scapular blade bearing a rounded expansion; and","pores in a row near the shell's outer edge. The thick inner layer of the shell is composed of nacre (mother-of-pearl) which in many species is highly iridescent giving rise to a range of strong changeable colors which make the shells attractive to humans as decorative objects jewelry and as","He places them also between the Naristi (Varisti) whose location at the very edge of the ancient Black Forest is well known and the Marcomanni and Quadi. Moreover the Hermunduri were broken in the Marcomannic Wars and made a separate peace with Rome. The Alemanni thus were probably not primarily","with an apparent central articulation; in fact this is a floral decoration. The rounded shapes of the gaps and the lip-like edges carved into the stone surrounding them create a semblance of a fully open mouth for which the Casa Batlló has been nicknamed the \"house of yawns.\" The structure","became shorter narrower and more curved toward the back of the skull. All of the teeth had saw-like edges. They were shed easily and were replaced continually making them common fossils. The skull had a pair of horns above and in front of the eyes. These horns were composed of","Easby Abbey in Yorkshire and Bayham Old Abbey in Kent. The lay out of Easby Abbey is irregular due to its position on the edge of a steep river bank. The cloister is duly placed on the south side of the church and the chief buildings occupy their usual positions","of Magan was largely motivated by the goal of securing control over these imports. One tablet reads \"Sargon the king of Kish triumphed in thirty-four battles (over the cities) up to the edge of the sea (and) destroyed their walls. He made the ships from Meluhha the ships from Magan","orientation of the phyllodes protects them from intense sunlight since with their edges towards the sky and earth they do not intercept light as fully as horizontally placed leaves. A few species (such as \"Acacia glaucoptera\") lack leaves or phyllodes altogether but instead possess cladodes modified leaf-like photosynthetic stems functioning","around the edge. Auscultation and olfaction involve listening for particular sounds such as wheezing and observing body odor. Inquiring involves focusing on the \"seven inquiries\": chills and fever; perspiration; appetite thirst and taste; defecation and urination; pain; sleep; and menses and leukorrhea. Palpation is focusing on feeling the body for","didn't and so was virtually unlettered\". Instead he taught his grandson the folk tales he knew about The Edge. Garner later remarked that as a result he was \"aware of [the Edge's] magic\" as a child and he and his friends often played there. The story of the king and","all. Two such modifications were proposed by Young in the same 1801 Bakerian Lecture: first that the secondary waves near the edge of an obstacle could diverge into the shadow but only weakly due to limited reinforcement from other secondary waves; and second that diffraction by an edge was caused","the valley consists of erosion from earlier ice ages. Glacial valleys have characteristically steep walls (reliefs); valleys with lower reliefs and talus slopes are remnants of glacial troughs or previously infilled valleys. Moraines piles of rock picked up during the movement of the glacier accumulate at edges centre and the","edge of the libertarian quadrant \u2013 since they reject state involvement in both economic and personal affairs. Laissez-faire anarchists argue that the state relies on initiating force because force can be used against those who have not stolen private property vandalized private property assaulted anyone or committed fraud. Many also","formula \"πr\" and the circumference formula 2\"πr\". The area of a regular polygon is half its perimeter times the apothem (where the apothem is the distance from the center to the nearest point on any side). Doubling the edge lengths of a polygon multiplies its area by four which is","the search for other possible alloys of steel. Robert Forester Mushet found that by adding tungsten to steel it could produce a very hard edge that would resist losing its hardness at high temperatures. \"R. Mushet's special steel\" (RMS) became the first high-speed steel. In 1912 the Krupp Ironworks in","wearing a full-length chiton. She is sometimes dressed in armor and is often represented wearing a Corinthian helmet raised high atop her forehead. Her shield bears at its centre the aegis with the head of the gorgon (\"gorgoneion\") in the center and snakes around the edge. It is in this","outer edge of the reef. Australia also claims a 12 nautical mile territorial sea generated by the islands. West Middle and East Islands have a combined land area variously reported as 54 ha 93 ha and 112 ha (1 hectare is 0.01 km or about 2.5 acres). Cartier Island has a","more effective with NTSC's 4 field color phase cadence compared to PAL's 8 field cadence. However in the end the larger channel width of most PAL systems in Europe still give their PAL systems the edge in transmitting more picture detail. In the SECAM television system U and V are","Reynolds. However many of the features introduced in \"Alpha Centauri\" were carried over into subsequent \"Civilization\" titles; in fact upon its release \"Civilization III\" was compared negatively to \"Alpha Centauri\" whose Civilization characteristics were reminiscent of faction bonuses and penalties. \"Edge\" magazine noted that \"Alpha Centauri\" remained \"highly regarded\" in","request to complete in the middle of a clock cycle. In such a case the cycle is padded with dummy data","models in several details. Most prominently the Schneider CPC464 and CPC664 keyboards featured grey instead of coloured keys but still in the original British keyboard layout. To achieve a German \"QWERTZ\" keyboard layout Schneider marketed a small software to reassign the keys as well as sticker labels for the keys.","\"He [Olivier] said: 'Remember: nerves is [sic] vanity \u2013 you\u2019re wondering what people think of you; to hell with them just jump off the edge\u2019. It was great advice.\u201d Despite his success at the National Hopkins tired of repeating the same roles nightly and yearned to be in films. He","of the team and the club's iconic captain. Roma returned to form in the 2000s beginning the decade in great style by winning their third ever Serie A title in 2000\u201301. The \"Scudetto\" was won on the last day of the season after defeating Parma 3\u20131 edging Juventus by two","marketing campaign dubbed \"The New American\". In addition to a new logo American Airlines introduced a new livery for its fleet. The airline calls the new livery and branding \"a clean and modern update\". The current design features an abstract American flag on the tail along with a silver-painted fuselage","neighboring large cities. The idea of merging Aarau with its neighboring suburbs has been recently discussed in the hope of arresting the slowly progressing losses. Manufacture include bells mathematical instruments electrical goods cotton textiles cutlery chemicals shoes and other products. Aarau is famous for the quality of their instruments cutlery","As such \"all episcopal installations in the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America take place with the participation of bishops in the apostolic succession.\" The Evangelical Lutheran Church in America is headed by a presiding bishop who is elected by the churchwide assembly for a six-year term. In recent years a","but no statue base or inscription was found. The diadem is a fillet with","rescinded his resignation. The 2008\u201309 season had an unpromising start after two opening defeats against NAC Breda and ADO Den Haag. However starting with a 1\u20130 victory over defending league champions PSV AZ did not lose a match in its next 28 matches including a run of 11-straight matches where","Steel is stronger than bronze and holds a sharper edge longer. Bronze was still used during the Iron Age and has continued in use for many purposes to the modern day. There are many different bronze alloys but typically modern bronze is 88% copper and 12% tin. Alpha bronze consists","blackjack. Some games require that the blackjack wager should equal or exceed any side bet wager. A non-controlling player of a blackjack hand is usually permitted to place a side bet regardless of whether the controlling player does so. The house edge for side bets is generally far higher than","of the leading edge of the cell adhesion of the leading edge and de-adhesion at the cell body and rear and cytoskeletal contraction to pull the cell forward. Each step is driven by physical forces generated by unique segments of the cytoskeleton. Multicellular organisms are organisms that consist of more","the 767 feels different from the 757. The 757's controls are heavy similar to the 727 and 747; the control yoke can be rotated to 90 degrees in each direction. The 767 has far lighter control feel in pitch and roll and the control yoke has approximately 2/3 the rotation","edge suitable for general work such as cutting hides and cordage scraping hides butchering animals cleaning fish and other tasks. Craft knives are tools mostly used for crafts. Today the term \"utility knife\" also includes small folding or retractable-blade knives suited for use in the general workplace or in the","new brigade!\" \"Viva là the old one too!\" \"Viva là the Rose shall fade\" \"The Shamrock shine forever new!\" <\/poem> Seeing that Schultz and Spaar were faltering Marlborough now ordered Orkney\u2019s second-line British and Danish battalions (who had not been used in the assault on Offus and Autre-Eglise) to move","the late 1990s \"Edge of Human\" had been adapted into a screenplay by Stuart Hazeldine \"Blade Runner Down\" that was to be filmed as the sequel to the 1982 film \"Blade Runner\". Ultimately neither this script nor the Jeter novel was used for the eventual sequel \"Blade Runner 2049\"","reaching e\" and f\" with far greater ease and less air resistance. French woodwind instruments' tone in general exhibits a certain amount of \"edge\" with more of a vocal quality than is usual elsewhere and the Buffet bassoon is no exception. This type of sound can be beneficial in music","Himinbjörg \"stands at the edge of heaven where Bifrost reaches heaven.\" While describing the god Heimdallr in chapter 27 High says that Heimdallr lives in Himinbjörg by Bifröst and guards the bridge from mountain jotnar while sitting at the edge of heaven. In chapter 34 High quotes the first of","with the \"Invincible\"s as the benchmark. On learning of the British plans for \"Lion\" and the likelihood that new U.S. Navy battleships would be armed with guns the Japanese decided to radically revise their plans and go one better. A new plan was drawn up carrying eight 14-inch guns and","a black trailing edge to the wings and both morphs often have plain underparts lacking the breast band frequently seen in \"B. b. buteo\". The common buzzard breeds in woodlands usually on the fringes but favours hunting over open land. It eats mainly small mammals and will come to carrion.","deer's antlers are composed of bone which is an unusual example of bone being outside the skin of the animal once the velvet is shed. The extinct predatory fish \"Dunkleosteus\" had sharp edges of hard exposed bone along its jaws. Many animals possess an exoskeleton that is not made of","the liquid's edge not contained by enough liquid pressure on that side escape into the surroundings as vapor. On the other hand boiling is a process in which molecules anywhere in the liquid escape resulting in the formation of vapor bubbles within the liquid. A \"saturated liquid\" contains as much","of formula_58 with edges of length at most formula_59. Label each vertex formula_63 of the triangulation with a label formula_64 in the following way: Because \"g\" is odd the labeling is also odd: formula_67. Hence by Tucker's lemma there are two adjacent vertices formula_68 with opposite labels. Assume w.l.o.g. that","edges and 2 + \"n\" vertices. The referenced \"n\"-gon in the name of the bipyramids is not an external face but an internal one existing on the primary symmetry plane which connects the two pyramid halves. A right bipyramid has two points above and below the centroid of its base. Nonright bipyramids","of movement. Stiffer shoes excel at securing small edges whereas softer shoes provide greater sensitivity. The front of the shoe called the \"toe box\" can be asymmetric which performs well on overhanging rocks or symmetric which is better suited for vertical problems and slabs.\u2009\u2009 Most boulderers use gymnastics chalk on","Manet and Eva Gonzalès also experimented with at the time\u2014and her brushwork became looser. In 1888\u201389 her brushstrokes transitioned from short rapid strokes to long sinuous ones that define form. The outer edges of her paintings were often left unfinished allowing the canvas to show through and increasing the sense","Colonial-era buildings. Benefit Street on the western edge of the campus contains \"one of the finest cohesive collections of restored seventeenth- and eighteenth-century architecture in the United States\". Brown's faculty and alumni include eight Nobel Prize laureates five National Humanities Medalists and ten National Medal of Science laureates. Other notable","better to close their infantry right up to the stream itself \u2013 was to lure the allies across before unleashing their cavalry upon them causing panic and confusion; whilst the enemy was struggling in the marshes they would be caught in crossfire from Blenheim and Oberglauheim. The plan was sound","\"x\" to \"x\" (light green). Intuitively any continuous line from the left edge of the square to the right edge must necessarily intersect the green diagonal. To prove this consider the function \"g\" which maps \"x\" to \"f\"(\"x\") - \"x\". It is ≥ 0 on \"a\" and ≤ 0 on \"b\". By the intermediate value","doctor\" \u2014 she claims to have an edge over expensive know-nothing city physicians. In lieu of conventional anesthesia Granny uses her \"white lightning\" brew before commencing on painful treatments such as leech bleeding and yanking teeth with pliers. Short and scrappy Granny often wields a double-barreled 12-gauge shotgun and fires it","features a shallow apron with gradients between 1:40 and 1:1000. The southern edge around Turkey and the eastern edge around Georgia however are typified by a narrow shelf that rarely exceeds in width and a steep apron that is typically 1:40 gradient with numerous submarine canyons and channel extensions. The","starts with several zooids. In all species the founder zooids then grow the new colonies by budding clones of themselves. In phylactolaemates zooids die after producing several clones so that living zooids are found only round the edges of a colony. Phylactolaemates also reproduce asexually by a method that enables","the remains of several buildings and heavy equipment. Five wooden antenna poles about in height remain standing in the","peninsula bordering five countries\u2014Greece and Turkey to the south Macedonia and Serbia to the west and Romania to the north. The land borders have a total length of and the coastline has a length of . Its total area of ranks it as the world's 105th-largest country. Bulgaria's geographic coordinates","The precise formation mechanism is not known for certain but the most widely accepted hypothesis suggests that the edge of the Cathedral Formation reef became detached from the rest of the reef slumping and being transported some distance \u2014 perhaps kilometers \u2014 away from the reef edge. Later reactivation of","a government. For the next two years she would attempt to distance herself from the unpopularity of Campbell and forge an image for the upcoming election. Among her early accomplishments she raised the minimum wage created the new holiday of Family Day and pushed the development of BC's liquified natural","(or lakes) such as the are remains of this period. The geological foundation of the Black Forest is formed by the crystalline bedrock of the Variscan basement. This is covered in the east and northeast by bunter sandstone slabs the so-called platforms. On the western edge a descending step-fault-like foothill","and Herzegovina. Bosnia and Herzegovina has displayed positive progress in the previous years which decisively moved its place from the lowest income equality rank of income equality rankings fourteen out of 193 nations. According to Eurostat data Bosnia and Herzegovina's PPS GDP per capita stood at 29 per cent of","the development of a two-party political system occurred in the 1960s. Before universal suffrage adopted as part of Bermuda's Constitution in 1967 voting was dependent on a certain level of property ownership. (see \"Politics\" section below and Politics of Bermuda). On 10 March 1973 the Governor of Bermuda Richard Sharples","heads and passes through branchial food traps between their mouths and their gills where fine particles are trapped in mucus and filtered out. Others have specialised mouthparts consisting of a horny beak edged by several rows of labial teeth. They scrape and bite food of many kinds as well as","\"swift of foot\". Compare also the Latin word family of \"aciēs\" \"sharp edge or point battle line battle engagement\" \"acus\" \"needle pin bodkin\" and \"acuō\" \"to make pointed sharpen whet; to exercise; to arouse\" (whence \"acute\"). Some topical epitheta of Achilles in the \"Iliad\" point to this \"swift-footedness\" namely ποδάρκης","\"edge of a river\". Or consider \"apothecary\". One could say \"I bought herbs from the apothecary\". This could mean one actually spoke to the apothecary (pharmacist) or went to the apothecary (pharmacy). The context in which an ambiguous word is used often makes it evident which of the meanings is","to make it easier to grasp. Plates and bowls may have a guard on the edge that stops food being pushed off of the dish when it is being scooped. More sophisticated equipment for eating includes manual and powered feeding devices. These devices support those who have little or no","in \"Paperman\" John Kahrs said that \"Our animators can change things actually erase away the CG underlayer if they want and change the profile of the arm.\" 3D animation is digitally modeled and manipulated by an animator. The animator usually starts by creating a 3D polygon mesh to manipulate. A","state in the United States with of total area: 3.2% of the area is water making Alabama 23rd in the amount of surface water also giving it the second-largest inland waterway system in the United States. About three-fifths of the land area is a gentle plain with a general descent","in size. The mixture is molded into the frame which is removed after initial setting. After drying for a few hours the bricks are turned on edge to finish drying. Slow drying in shade reduces cracking. The same mixture without straw is used to make mortar and often plaster on","a year ranked in the top 3 in three different decades (1980s 1990s 2000s). He also was the oldest player (age 31) to finish in the top three since 32-year-old Connors finished at world no. 2 in 1984. 2002 opened with disappointment for Agassi as injury forced him to skip","the mark of .847 set by Ruth in 1920). Bonds continued his torrid home run hitting in the next few seasons hitting his 660th career home run on April 12 2004 tying him with his godfather Willie Mays for third place on the all-time career home runs list. He hit","called neocortex or \"isocortex\". Several areas at the edge of the neocortex including the hippocampus and amygdala are also much more extensively developed in mammals than in other vertebrates. The elaboration of the cerebral cortex carries with it changes to other brain areas. The superior colliculus which plays a major","are placed onto a glued piece of cloth with a space between them into which is glued a thinner board cut to the width of the spine of the book. The overlapping edges of the cloth (about 5/8\" all round) are folded over the boards and pressed down to adhere.","and thus less emphasis on personal responsibility in this area of play. Unlike those of most sports baseball playing fields can vary significantly in size and shape. While the dimensions of the infield are specifically regulated the only constraint on outfield size and shape for professional teams following the rules","American sector greatly assisting the American break out in Operation Cobra. By the end of Goodwood on 25 July 1944 the Canadians had finally taken Caen while the British tanks had reached the plains south of Caen giving Montgomery the \"hinge\" he had been seeking while forcing the Germans to","are further multiplied by the heavy ferry traffic across the strait linking the European and Asian sides of the city. As such all the dangers and obstacles characteristic of narrow waterways are present and acute in this critical sea lane. In 2011 the Turkish Government discussed creating a large-scale canal","Edge were part of this network. The Great Wall of China is also a beacon network. In Spain the border of Granada in the territory of the Crown of Castile had a complex beacon network to warn against Moorish raiders and military campaigns. Vehicular beacons are rotating or flashing lights","also used for other tops and dresses. Bardot popularized the bikini in her early films such as \"Manina\" (1952) (released in France as \"Manina la fille sans voiles\"). The following year she was also photographed in a bikini on every beach in the south of France during the Cannes Film","time. The remainder of Henry's bodyguards surrounded their master and succeeded in keeping him away from the Yorkist king. On seeing Richard embroiled with Henry's men and separated from his main force William Stanley made his move. He led his men into the fight at Henry's side. Outnumbered Richard's group","second has two (SCEAþena ÞREATum). The poet has a choice of epithets or formulae to use in order to fulfil the alliteration. When speaking or reading Old English poetry it is important to remember for alliterative purposes that many of the letters are not pronounced in the same way as","which is 0.76  metres (2 ft 6 inch) from the back boundary. The net is 1.55 metres (5 ft 1 inch) high at the edges and 1.524 metres (5 ft) high in the centre. The net posts are placed over the doubles sidelines even when singles is played. The minimum height for the ceiling above the court","a contoured body design with beveled edges for comfort and a split single coil pickup. The \"Fender Bass\" was a revolutionary new instrument for gigging musicians. In comparison with the large heavy upright bass which had been the main bass instrument in popular music folk and country music from the","leading wired Internet service provider dominating the broadband market with its ADSL and EV-DO fixed-wireless offerings. The mobile operators are offering data services using GPRS and EDGE technology and third generation (3G) mobile broadband technology was not introduced until 2013 by Bharti Airtel. A March 2013 ITU \"Study on international"],"title":["Figure skating","Fresnel equations","Frankie Goes to Hollywood","Wikipedia:Free On-line Dictionary of Computing/R - S","Northrop F-5","Rage Hard","Fortaleza","Wikipedia:Free On-line Dictionary of Computing/L - N","Feminist science fiction","Father Ted","Frontline (Australian TV series)","Friesland","Flambards","Frank Sinatra","Gene Roddenberry","GNU Hurd","Hold come what may","Grinnell College","HTML","Freeman Dyson","Flood fill","General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon","Geography of the Federated States of Micronesia","Flat Earth","Franconia","Flag of the United States","Food writing","Flag","Female genital mutilation","Feedback","Fyodor Dostoyevsky","Falklands War","Francisco Franco","Foot","Florence","F. W. de Klerk","Fundamental group","First-order logic","Melbourne Grand Prix Circuit","Fontainebleau","Finite-state machine","Four color theorem","Field hockey","Flanders","Floppy disk","Form 1040","Fay Wray","Fractal","Front line","Finger Lakes","Final Fantasy","Fighter aircraft","Forge","Gerrymandering","Gotham City","Garfield","Gary Gygax","Gray whale","Francis Gary Powers","Great Victoria Desert","Geometric mean","Gimlet (tool)","General Packet Radio Service","Guatemala City","Guam","Guitar","Franz Mesmer","Fridtjof Nansen","McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle","Global Positioning System","Frost","Fricative consonant","First Battle of El Alamein","George H. W. Bush","Vought F4U Corsair","Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II","Lockheed F-117 Nighthawk","Gnutella","McDonnell Douglas F-4 Phantom II","Field ion microscope","Girth (graph theory)","Gaza Strip","Geography of Greenland","Garth Brooks","Gold","Greece","History of Guatemala","Gdańsk","Geography of Ghana","East River","History of Eritrea","Geography of El Salvador","Edinburgh","Empedocles","El Salvador","Ericsson","Electromagnetic radiation","Dynamical system","DC Comics","De Havilland Mosquito","Earth","Drum kit","Elvis Presley","Expander graph","Education","England","Elephant","Davy Jones (musician)","Ernst Mayr","Geography of Ecuador","Extractor (mathematics)","Ecuador","Flute","Freestyle music","History of film","Fullerene","Association football","Folk music","Cinema of China","Geography of French Guiana","Finland","Dagger","Docklands Light Railway","Developmental psychology","Digital compositing","Daily Planet","Dundee","Delaunay triangulation","Dual polyhedron","Digital Private Network Signalling System","Decca Navigator System","DDR SDRAM","Derry","David Bowie","Dance Dance Revolution","Das Boot","Eden Project","Earthquake","End zone","Emperor Kanmu","Eric Clapton","Embroidery","Erie Canal","Environmental movement in the United States","Empiricism","Effects unit","Emerald","EastEnders","Equinox","Enhanced Data Rates for GSM Evolution","Gravitational redshift","Edwin Hubble","Easter Rising","Explosive material","Edo","Euclidean algorithm","Eos","Elbridge Gerry","George Stephenson","Geography of Albania","Gunpowder","Grateful Dead","George Mason University","Group velocity","Governor-General of Australia","GSM","Galilee","List of islands of Greece","Glass","Giant panda","Gothic fiction","Graph theory","Geoff Hurst","Golden ratio","Grover Cleveland","Gustav Klimt","Google Search","Glacier","World of A Song of Ice and Fire","Greatest common divisor","Geographic information system","Extended Industry Standard Architecture","Ellis Island","Erdős number","Erosion","Elbląg","Escape from New York","Évariste Galois","Endocarditis","Craps","Cuboctahedron","Cantonese cuisine","Cathode ray tube","Connected space","CN Tower","Cube","Chaos theory","Cairo","Chemical vapor deposition","Calvin and Hobbes","Canadian Shield","Detroit Tigers","David Beckham","Diffraction","Taiko","Dar es Salaam","Detroit","Denver","Door","Drawing","Doom (1993 video game)","Donn","Damascus steel","Diego Garcia","Disk storage","Deus Ex (video game)","Dachshund","Druze","Dark matter","Dhole","Dyson sphere","Dead Sea","David Ricardo","Cymbal","Geography of Croatia","Courtney Love","Cypress Hill","History of Cuba","Codex","Cult film","Cretaceous","Geography of Costa Rica","Christopher Columbus","California Institute of Technology","Color","Category theory","Carbon sink","Cave","Celtic languages","Confucianism","Caesium","Catalysis","Circumference","Comet","Biotite","Casino","Carnivora","Calculus","Combinatorics","Bubble Bobble","Geography of Canada","Central processing unit","Control character","STS-51-F","Copenhagen","Crucifix","Curtiss P-40 Warhawk","Cross section (physics)","Cosmic microwave background","Camille Pissarro","Charles Lyell","Casablanca","Cheshire","Context menu","London Borough of Croydon","Cold fusion","Cheddar cheese","City of London","Concorde","Cold Chisel","Code coverage","Cotswolds","Central Plaza (Hong Kong)","Tramlink","Caravaggio","Clitoris","Computer mouse","Chuck-a-luck","Crannog","Flag of Denmark","David Deutsch","Church of the Holy Sepulchre","Computer monitor","ClearType","Coin","Coriolis force","Lockheed C-130 Hercules","Classical Kuiper belt object","Calculator","Caldera","Corona","Continuation War","Counter (digital)","Diamond","Common chimpanzee","Telecommunications in the Dominican Republic","DNA","Economy of Denmark","Dr. Dre","Drum and bass","Delaware","Crystallographic defect","Deed poll","Dale Earnhardt","Dalai Lama","Carolina parakeet","Corona Australis","Channel 4","Childe's Tomb","Capsid","Curling","Chloroplast","Chorded keyboard","Compact disc","Clarinet","Connecticut","Cygnus (constellation)","Cnidaria","Caelum","Cleveland Browns","Camouflage","Carthage","Rendering (computer graphics)","Chrono Trigger","Columba","Computer vision","Couscous","Cy Young","Central Asia","Mail (armour)","Cheerleading","Chrysler Building","Chiapas","Cincinnati Reds","Computer animation","Cryonics","Conservatism","Cytosol","Coronation Street","Carl Sagan","B. F. Skinner","Bokken","Beta sheet","Blue whale","Bankruptcy","Body mass index","Babylon 5","Blue Streak (missile)","Brass instrument","Bamberg","Bodmin","Boolean satisfiability problem","Dice","Dodecahedron","Disc golf","David Mamet","Dominoes","Didgeridoo","Depth of field","Devon","Deseret alphabet","Draught beer","Daedalus","Casino game","Cameroon","History of Chad","Crokinole","Coral Sea Islands","City","Geography of Cameroon","Geography of the Central African Republic","Colorado","California","Carbon nanotube","Coin collecting","Christmas Island","China","Columbia River","Physical cosmology","Central African Republic","Czech Republic","Asynchronous Transfer Mode","Adrastea (moon)","Ant","André the Giant","Anus","Parallel ATA","Airbus A300","AutoCAD","Angular momentum","Aurochs","Apple Inc.","Arabic","Asteraceae","A Clockwork Orange (novel)","The Amazing Spider-Man","Asteroids (video game)","A. A. Milne","Apiaceae","Amateur astronomy","August Derleth","Baltic Sea","Anyone Can Whistle","Army of Darkness","Ackermann function","Atlanta","Anthony the Great","Amputation","A. E. Housman","Arbitrage","Aleut","Lockheed AC-130","Accrington","Albert Brooks","Atom probe","Bruce Campbell","Atlanta Braves","Acropolis of Athens","Apollo 15","Alpha Centauri","Alvar Aalto","Amiga","Antarctic Circumpolar Current","Apollo 16","Abel Tasman","Alpha compositing","Apollo 12","Apollo 1","Aaliyah","Apollo 14","Black Sabbath","Buffer overflow","Bald eagle","Brownian motion","Batman","Barcelonnette","Boston Red Sox","Barry Bonds","Bollywood","Boomerang","Northrop Grumman B-2 Spirit","Barcelona","Battle of Peleliu","Dots and Boxes","Rail transport in Great Britain","Big Dig","Binary tree","Brown bear","Arizona State University","Art Deco","Antiprism","Alarums and Excursions","American Airlines Flight 77","Almoravid dynasty","Amaryllis","Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn","Archimedean solid","Ibn al-Haytham","Anah","Apollo 9","Apollo 7","Aberdeen","Bronze Age","Bishkek","Billy Bob Thornton","Battle of the Nile","Blizzard","Boudica","Black hole","Boeing 747","Bank of China Tower (Hong Kong)","Broadway (Manhattan)","Bandy","Bikini","Northern bobwhite","Baghdad","Aachen","Andes","Amos Bronson Alcott","Apatosaurus","Abalone","Alemanni","Casa Batlló","Allosaurus","Abbey","Akkadian Empire","Acacia sensu lato","Acupuncture","Alan Garner","Augustin-Jean Fresnel","Alps","Anarcho-capitalism","Area","Alloy","Athena","Ashmore and Cartier Islands","Analog television","Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri","Accelerated Graphics Port","Amstrad CPC","Anthony Hopkins","A.S. Roma","American Airlines","Aarau","Apostolic succession","Arcadius","AZ Alkmaar","Bronze","Blackjack","Cell (biology)","Boeing 767","Utility knife","Battle of Ramillies","Blade Runner 2: The Edge of Human","Bassoon","Bifröst","Battlecruiser","Common buzzard","Bone","Boiling point","Borsuk\u2013Ulam theorem","Bipyramid","Bouldering","Berthe Morisot","Brown University","Battle of Blenheim","Brouwer fixed-point theorem","The Beverly Hillbillies","Black Sea","Bryozoa","Baker Island","Bulgaria","Burgess Shale","British Columbia","Black Forest","Bosnia and Herzegovina","Bermuda","Amphibian","Achilles","Ambiguity","Assistive technology","Animation","Alabama","Adobe","Andre Agassi","History of baseball in the United States","Brain","Book","Baseball","Bernard Montgomery","Bosphorus","Beacon","Brigitte Bardot","Battle of Bosworth Field","Beowulf","Badminton","Bass guitar","Telecommunications in Burkina Faso"],"word":"edg","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11152","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11149","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11229","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11336","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11142","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11264","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11169","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11331","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11257","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11313","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11281","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11254","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11312","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11181","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13148","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13236","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13216","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13104","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13191","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11397","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11635","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11642","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11496","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11593","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11401","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11447","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11619","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11424","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11408","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11545","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11625","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11523","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11466","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11492","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11525","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11479","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11004","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10983","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10945","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10923","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10931","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10949","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10886","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10878","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10891","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11029","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10965","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10913","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11043","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11092","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10974","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10929","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11057","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12987","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13090","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13022","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12848","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13026","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12888","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13072","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13046","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13045","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12920","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11874","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11974","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11846","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11803","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11820","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11715","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11866","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11763","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11762","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11775","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11955","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11721","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11812","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11720","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11856","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11759","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11774","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12013","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12047","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12120","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12231","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12240","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12108","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12157","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12099","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12069","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9592","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9377","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9358","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9602","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9553","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9356","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9424","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9426","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9087","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9105","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9093","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9228","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9079","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9288","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9313","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9252","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9316","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9279","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9141","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9238","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9336","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9309","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9334","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10553","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10808","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10783","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10628","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10568","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10623","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10791","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10762","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10577","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8972","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8827","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9014","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8858","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8964","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8828","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8864","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8815","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8965","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8949","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8922","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9055","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8786","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9010","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8994","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9971","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10106","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10016","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10126","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10049","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9996","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10046","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10183","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10174","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10165","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10045","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9995","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10100","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10213","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10346","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10489","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10350","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10192","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10191","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10377","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10477","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10293","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12578","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12691","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12737","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12542","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12566","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12778","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12601","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12808","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12639","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12634","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12581","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12713","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12622","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12401","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12501","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12386","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12495","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12425","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12431","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12463","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12302","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12354","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12398","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6062","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6280","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6182","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6014","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6233","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6112","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6285","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6295","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6293","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6111","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6059","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6230","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8579","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8618","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8603","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8715","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8500","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8687","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8522","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8637","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8544","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8521","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8678","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8593","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8630","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8472","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8484","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8518","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8632","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8651","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8626","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8586","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8530","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8470","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5671","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5575","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5655","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5637","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5584","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5691","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5645","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5615","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5553","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5635","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5786","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5921","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5778","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5920","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5820","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5047","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5215","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5221","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5176","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5170","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4965","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5192","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5218","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5298","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5285","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5166","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7324","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7211","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7480","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7376","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7434","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7472","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7301","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7406","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7450","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7185","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7463","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6883","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7030","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6902","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7162","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7018","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6884","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7056","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6970","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7122","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8752","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8729","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7810","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7677","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7681","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7558","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7783","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7697","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7561","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7593","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7592","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7839","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7712","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7647","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8082","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7844","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8068","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7955","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8035","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8083","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8092","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7930","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7849","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8086","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7893","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8133","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6322","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6424","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6321","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6326","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6344","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6644","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6355","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6336","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6429","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6433","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6466","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6421","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6621","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6432","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6576","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6446","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6555","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6604","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6614","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6561","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6596","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6745","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6849","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6742","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6696","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6749","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6788","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6787","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6671","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6777","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6760","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6675","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6781","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6851","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6824","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4868","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4955","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4906","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4925","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4695","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4788","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4800","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4754","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4940","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4896","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4858","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4715","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8244","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8407","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8212","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8351","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8262","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8443","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8367","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8166","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8222","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8387","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8258","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5362","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5447","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5329","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5415","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5541","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5391","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5449","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5480","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5399","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5407","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5320","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5413","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5500","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5405","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5408","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5378","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5478","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5321","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2499","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2577","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2594","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2575","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2500","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2778","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2524","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2753","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2494","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=856","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=803","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=956","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=843","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=931","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=785","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=924","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=957","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=748","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=980","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3335","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2950","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3217","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3138","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3246","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2992","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3198","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3162","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3034","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3155","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3055","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3075","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3211","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4670","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2140","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2076","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1969","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1979","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2009","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1980","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2015","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1970","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1988","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2049","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1967","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1965","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2144","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1968","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4314","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4373","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4401","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4436","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4335","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4249","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4339","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4375","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4246","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4359","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4396","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4443","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4283","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4260","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4384","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4318","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4321","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4402","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1859","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1881","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1851","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1866","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1902","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1649","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1680","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1625","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1847","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1645","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1734","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1774","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1773","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1627","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4620","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4554","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4471","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4606","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4548","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4517","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4650","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4614","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4568","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4626","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4444","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4550","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4529","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4492","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1520","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1354","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1384","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1346","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1300","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1486","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1322","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1347","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1315","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1566","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1445","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1537","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1152","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1141","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=981","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1023","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1209","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1187","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1182","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1227","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2393","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2215","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2380","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2197","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2397","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2358","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2386","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2466","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2257","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2180","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2289","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4169","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3981","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4230","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4165","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4168","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4050","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4082","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4207","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4055","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4057","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4193","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4099","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4115","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4064","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4153","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4113","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4233","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4157","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4049","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4101","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3376","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3386","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3416","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3453","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3415","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3422","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3392","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3385","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3463","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3460","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=621","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=305","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=677","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=653","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=593","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=303","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=682","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=595","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3856","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3717","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3778","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3850","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3873","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3705","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3731","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3845","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3793","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3833","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3956","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3916","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3681"]}
	{"docID":[2273,2178,4444,4471,4622,4293,4392,3138,2909,980,808,872,1968,4669,1770,1938,1029,1000,984,1187,1178,1017,1583,1461,1593,1307,713,4233,3338,3466,3343,9779,9657,9792,9627,9814,9615,9764,10083,10153,10151,9288,9222,12084,12239,11404,11431,11127,11142,11741,11867,11761,11054,10951,12905,12848,13011,9549,9428,8958,8930,8816,8843,10612,10638,10802,10683,10576,10793,12334,10393,10354,10473,12750,12622,12620,6589,6336,6526,6629,7466,7119,6883,8099,7940,8122,7923,7573,7564,7548,5645,6210,6117,8586,8640,5142,5034,5804,8182,8192,8377,6852,6824,6670,4800,4930,4854,4741,4868,4871],"text":["Ajax has also had a satellite club in the United States under the name Ajax America until it filed for bankruptcy. There are some youth players from Ajax Cape Town that have been drafted into the Eredivisie squad such as South African internationals Steven Pienaar Thulani Serero and Cameroonian international","Nordic supermen who originated at the North Pole (see Thule). Similarly Alfred Rosenberg (in \"The Myth of the Twentieth Century\" 1930) spoke of a \"Nordic-Atlantean\" or \"Aryan-Nordic\" master race. Edgar Cayce was a man from humble upbringings in Kentucky who allegedly possessed psychic abilities which were performed from a trance-like","1882 and also for introducing the game into the Netherlands and Sweden as well as elsewhere in England where it became popular with cricket rowing and hockey clubs. Tebbutt's home-made bandy stick can be seen in the Norris Museum in St Ives. The first Ice Hockey Varsity Matches between Oxford","Blade\" introduced the story of a mentally handicapped man imprisoned for a gruesome and seemingly inexplicable murder. \"Sling Blade\" garnered international acclaim. Thornton's screenplay earned him an Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay a Writers Guild of America Award and an Edgar Award while his performance received Oscar and Screen","Edgar \"Bill\" Oddie (born 7 July 1941) is an English writer composer musician comedian artist birder conservationist television presenter and actor. He became famous as one of The Goodies. A birder since his childhood in Quinton Birmingham Oddie has established a reputation as a naturalist conservationist and television presenter on","making the Ravens the 24th-most valuable sports franchise in the world. The name \"Ravens\" was inspired by Edgar Allan Poe's poem \"The Raven\". Chosen in a fan contest that drew 33288 voters the allusion honors Poe who spent the early part of his career in Baltimore and is buried there.","clubs. Ashton Gate's current capacity is an average size for Championship grounds however in November 2007 the club announced plans to relocate to a new 30000 capacity stadium in Ashton Vale plans were also in place to increase capacity to 42000 had the England 2018 World Cup bid been successful.","30 residents and was renamed \"Marthasville\" to honor the Governor's daughter. Later J. Edgar Thomson Chief Engineer of the Georgia Railroad suggested the town be renamed \"Atlantica-Pacifica\" which was shortened to \"Atlanta\". The residents approved and the town was incorporated as Atlanta on December 29 1847. By 1860 Atlanta's population","with albinism include historical figures such as Oxford don William Archibald Spooner; actor-comedian Victor Varnado; musicians such as Johnny and Edgar Winter Salif Keita Winston \"Yellowman\" Foster Brother Ali Sivuca Willie \"Piano Red\" Perryman; and fashion models Connie Chiu and Shaun Ross. Emperor Seinei of Japan is thought to have","Helen C. White Nobel Prize-winning novelist Sinclair Lewis and poet Edgar Lee Masters of \"Spoon River Anthology\" fame. In the mid-1930s Derleth organized a Ranger's Club for young people served as clerk and president of the local school board served as a parole officer organized a local men's club and","her. Toward the end of the week to stop the birds flying away from her too soon one leg of each bird was attached by nylon thread to elastic bands sewn inside her clothes. She broke down after a bird cut her lower eyelid and filming was halted on doctor's","geniuses who began to change the narrative structure of films.\" When Spike Lee posted a list of 87 films every aspiring director should see he included three Kurosawa movies: \"Rashomon\" \"Yojimbo\" and \"Ran\". Following Kurosawa's death several posthumous works based on his unfilmed screenplays have been produced. \"After the Rain\"","Module Pilot Edgar Mitchell launched on their nine-day mission on January 31 1971 at 4:04:02 p.m. local time after a 40-minute 2 second delay due to launch site weather restrictions the first such delay in the Apollo program. Shepard and Mitchell made their lunar landing on February 5 in the Fra","novels have been nominated for both Edgar Awards and Agatha Awards. She is currently an assistant professor in literacy education at Georgia State University. The family lives in the Atlanta area. In October 1989 Holbrook began his second strip \"Safe Havens\" and his third strip \"Kevin and Kell\" was launched","spacecraft the crew had been instructed to temporarily stop urine dumps. A misunderstanding prompted the crew to store all urine for the rest of the flight. The Lunar Module and Service Module reentered the atmosphere over the South Pacific between the islands of Fiji and New Zealand. NASA Administrator Thomas","the fittest. The two men enjoyed a mutual respect for one another and maintained correspondence until Spencer's death in 1903. There are however some major discrepancies between Spencer's capitalist evolutionary conceptions and Andrew Carnegie's capitalist practices. Spencer wrote that in production the advantages of the superior individual are comparatively minor","of colonialism's harshest critics. In a sermon that he preached on 6 January 1905 before he had told anyone of his plans to dedicate the rest of his life to work as a doctor in Africa he said: Schweitzer was nonetheless still sometimes accused of being paternalistic colonialist and racist","basing his detective stories on the model of Edgar Allan Poe's C. Auguste Dupin and his anonymous narrator and basing his character Sherlock Holmes on Joseph Bell who in his use of \"ratiocination\" prefigured Poirot's reliance on his \"little grey cells\". Poirot also bears a striking resemblance to A. E.","highest honour the Grand Master Award. Later the same year \"Witness for the Prosecution\" received an Edgar Award by the MWA for Best Play. In 2013 \"The Murder of Roger Ackroyd\" was voted the best crime novel ever by 600 fellow writers of the Crime Writers' Association. On 15 September","until the decades between 1930 and 1970 (primarily due to the work of scientists like William Chandler Roberts-Austen Adolph Martens and Edgar Bain) so \"alloy steel\" became the popular term for ternary and quaternary steel-alloys. After Benjamin Huntsman developed his crucible steel in 1740 he began experimenting with the addition","and that there are no torments of hell. Unitarian Universalists differ widely in their theology hence there is no exact same stance on the issue. Although Unitarians historically believed in a literal hell and Universalists historically believed that everyone goes to heaven modern Unitarian Universalists can be categorized into those","Done with the Judgement of God\" and \"Van Gogh: The Man Suicided by Society\") and Jean Genet (\"Our Lady of the Flowers\"). Philip Lamantia introduced him to other Surrealists and Surrealism continued to be an influence (for example sections of \"Kaddish\" were inspired by André Breton's \"Free Union\"). Ginsberg claimed","at the Battle of Hastings Ealdred backed Edgar the Ætheling and then endorsed King William the Conqueror the Duke of Normandy and a distant relative of King Edward's. Ealdred crowned King William on Christmas Day in 1066. William never quite trusted Ealdred or the other English leaders and Ealdred had","landing in 1969 it was decided to use an existing Saturn V to launch the Skylab orbital laboratory pre-built on the ground replacing the original plan to construct it in orbit from several Saturn IB launches; this eliminated Apollo 20. NASA's yearly budget also began to shrink in light of","the younger brother of King Edgar who was unmarried and his brother's heir presumptive by 1104 (and perhaps earlier). In that year he was the senior layman present at the examination of the remains of Saint Cuthbert at Durham prior to their re-interment. He held lands in Scotland north of","idea based on the work of Edgar Allan Poe. When Parsons asked Woolfson to become his manager he accepted and subsequently managed Parsons's career as a producer and engineer through a string of successes including Pilot Steve Harley Cockney Rebel John Miles Al Stewart Ambrosia and the Hollies. Parsons commented","School of Mechanical & Aerospace Engineering and the BeingThere Centre led a three-year R&D development in tele-presence robotics creating EDGAR. A remote user can control EDGAR with the user\u2019s face and expressions displayed on the robot\u2019s face in real time. The robot also mimics their upper body movements. KITECH researched","of their own exhibitions which included Paul Cézanne Edgar Degas Claude Monet Camille Pissarro Pierre-Auguste Renoir and Alfred Sisley. It was held at the studio of the photographer Nadar. She was married to Eugène Manet the brother of her friend and colleague Édouard Manet. Morisot was born in Bourges France","that even though the folks are poor Hispanic and African-American they are good people. By contrast Tom Wolfe's \"Bonfire of the Vanities\" (1987) portrays a wealthy white protagonist Sherman McCoy getting lost off the Major Deegan Expressway in the South Bronx and having an altercation with locals. A substantial piece","at Kuala Belait. After six days fighting they occupied the entire country. The only Allied troops in the area were the 2nd Battalion of the 15th Punjab Regiment based at Kuching Sarawak. Once the Japanese occupied Brunei they made an agreement with Sultan Ahmad Tajuddin over governing the country. Inche","art. Multidisciplinary artists Jan Fabre Wim Delvoye and the painters Guy Huygens and Luc Tuymans are other internationally renowned figures on the contemporary art scene. Belgian contributions to architecture also continued into the 19th and 20th centuries including the work of Victor Horta and Henry van de Velde who were","and entertained the children with vivid ghost-stories and the tales of American writer Edgar Allan Poe. As Edvard remembered it Christian's positive behavior toward his children was overshadowed by his morbid pietism. Munch wrote \"My father was temperamentally nervous and obsessively religious\u2014to the point of psychoneurosis. From him I inherited","his fiction. Gale reported his surprise that after two decades his books were again available with Canaveral Press Dover Publications and Ballantine Books also reprinting them. Few critical books have arisen concerning Burroughs. From an academic standpoint the most helpful are Erling Holtsmark's two books: \"Tarzan and Tradition\" and \"Edgar","Moon walk using self-contained Portable Life Support Systems lasted 2 hours 36 minutes. A total of fifteen Moon walks were performed among six Apollo crews including Charles \"Pete\" Conrad Alan Bean Alan Shepard Edgar Mitchell David Scott James Irwin John Young Charles Duke Eugene Cernan and Harrison \"Jack\" Schmitt. Cernan","had a major influence on prominent writers of the day including the American poets Edgar Allan Poe and Emily Dickinson. She is remembered for such poems as \"How Do I Love Thee?\" (Sonnet 43 1845) and \"Aurora Leigh \"(1856). Some of Elizabeth Barrett's family had lived in Jamaica since 1655.","Verna lists the following authors as visitors to the Smith household in her youth: Lloyd Arthur Eshbach Heinlein Dave Kyle Bob Tucker Williamson Pohl Merritt and the Galactic Roamers. Smith cites Bigelow's \"Theoretical Chemistry\u2013Fundamentals\" as a justification for the possibility of the inertialess drive. Also an extended reference is made","the National Gallery of Art in Washington D.C. Manet painted several boating subjects in 1874. \"Boating\" now in the Metropolitan Museum of Art exemplifies in its conciseness the lessons Manet learned from Japanese prints and the abrupt cropping by the frame of the boat and sail adds to the immediacy","When an English anarchist named John Turner was arrested under the Anarchist Exclusion Act and threatened with deportation Goldman joined forces with the Free Speech League to champion his cause. The league enlisted the aid of attorneys Clarence Darrow and Edgar Lee Masters who took Turner's case to the US","in the last resort to the circumstances under which he became king.\" Æthelred's father King Edgar had died suddenly in July 975 leaving two young sons behind. The elder Edward (later Edward the Martyr) was probably illegitimate and was \"still a youth on the verge of manhood\" in 975. The","America honored Sobol and his Encyclopedia Brown series with a special Edgar Award. Educators have used Encyclopedia Brown in classrooms to instruct students in skills such as writing reports. In 1986 the Society for Visual Education Inc. published a filmstrip series produced and written by Lynne V. Gibbs with accompanying","III der Jerusalems- und Neuen Kirchengemeinde\" (Cemetery No. III of the congregations of Jerusalem Church and New Church) in Berlin-Kreuzberg south of Hallesches Tor at the underground station Mehringdamm. Hoffmann is one of the best-known representatives of German Romanticism and a pioneer of the fantasy genre with a taste for","struck by their cover of \"Hound Dog\" a hit in 1953 for blues singer Big Mama Thornton by songwriters Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller. It became the new closing number of his act. After a show in La Crosse Wisconsin an urgent message on the letterhead of the local Catholic","story \"The Gold-Bug\" by Edgar Allan Poe a character figures out a random character code by remembering that the most used letter in English is E. This makes it a hard and popular letter to use when writing lipograms. Ernest Vincent Wright's \"Gadsby\" (1939) is considered a \"dreadful\" novel and","This provides the means of transport for a significant proportion of day-tripper tourists arriving in the territory. One of the first seaplanes (Wight Seaplane) to come to Gibraltar was during world war 1 which was used to search for submarine. In 1931 the seaplane Saro Windhover Captained by Edgar Percival","play \"Macbeth\" Edgar Allan Poe's \"The Tell-Tale Heart\" and \"The Black Cat\" and many other works of literature. In Sartre's \"The Flies\" the Furies (in the form of flies) represent the morbid strangling forces of neurotic guilt which bind us to authoritarian and totalitarian power. Guilt is a major theme","a federal attorney \"served a grand-jury subpoena for such a broad class of records in a criminal investigation he or she would be laughed out of court\". Given the traditional legal definition of relevant Timothy Edgar a former top privacy lawyer at the Office of the Director of National Intelligence","1930s. In 1925 Pessoa wrote in English a guidebook to Lisbon but it remained unpublished until 1992. Pessoa translated a number of Portuguese books into English. He also translated into Portuguese \"The Scarlet Letter\" by Nathaniel Hawthorne the short stories \"The Theory and the Hound\" \"The Roads We Take\" and","clearance and in many instances employees need a TS/SCI (Top Secret/Sensitive Compartmented Information) clearance. To obtain a security clearance all potential FBI personnel must pass a series of Single Scope Background Investigations (SSBI) which are conducted by the Office of Personnel Management. Special agent candidates also have to pass a","led by Northrop vice president of engineering and aircraft designer Edgar Schmued who previously at North American Aviation had been the chief designer of the successful North American P-51 Mustang and F-86 Sabre fighters. Schmued recruited a strong engineering team to Northrop and assigned them the goal of reversing the","the Ape Man\" in 1932 starring Johnny Weissmuller starting a successful series of talking pictures based on the fantasy-adventure novels by Edgar Rice Burroughs and the G. W. Pabst directed \"The Mistress of Atlantis\" from 1932. 1932 saw the release of the Universal Studios monster movie \"The Mummy\" which combined","covering local services. Many of Europe's best-selling newspapers and magazines are produced in Germany. The papers (and internet portals) with the highest circulation are \"Bild\" (a tabloid) \"Die Zeit\" \"Süddeutsche Zeitung\" \"Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung\" and \"Die Welt\" the largest magazines include \"Der Spiegel\" \"Stern\" and \"Focus\". The German video gaming","the Naval Air Test Center were used by a unique demonstration team called the Gray Angels whose members consisted entirely of naval aviators holding the rank of Rear Admiral (Daniel V. Gallery Apollo Soucek and Edgar A. Cruise.) The team's name was an obvious play on the name of the","say that she is Fascist?\". J. Edgar Hoover longtime FBI director and ardent anti-communist wrote extensively of \"Red Fascism\". Professor Richard Griffiths of the University of Wales wrote in 2005 that \"fascism\" is the \"most misused and over-used word of our times\". \"Fascist\" is sometimes applied to post-World War II","1979 but it was not in print until 1986 and the official world premiere was only in November 1988 by the Fort Wayne Indiana Civic Theatre. The stage adaptation diverges considerably from the book and seems influenced by Truffaut's movie. For example fire chief Beatty's character is fleshed out and","animated \"The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad\" and again in 1999. Throughout the evolution of the goth subculture classic romantic Gothic and horror literature has played a significant role. E. T. A. Hoffmann (1776\u20131822) Edgar Allan Poe (1809\u20131849) Charles Baudelaire (1821\u20131867) H. P. Lovecraft (1890\u20131937) and other tragic and","teens Gygax had a voracious appetite for pulp fiction authors such as Robert Howard Jack Vance Fritz Leiber H. P. Lovecraft and Edgar Burroughs. Gygax was a mediocre student and in 1956 a few months after his father died he dropped out of high school in his junior year. He","in the neighborhood and to encourage the preservation of existing buildings. The following were proposed by the GVSHP and passed by the City Planning Commission: New York University and Greenwich Village preservationists have been embroiled in a conflict over campus expansion versus preservation of the scale and Bohemian character of","Edgar Allan Poe Edgar Allan Poe (; born Edgar Poe; January 19 1809 \u2013 October 7 1849) was an American writer editor and literary critic. Poe is best known for his poetry and short stories particularly his tales of mystery and the macabre. He is widely regarded as a central figure","In October he left Spain for New York where he refused to leave Mary's apartment on the pretext that he was being watched. She quickly took him to Idaho where George Saviers (a Sun Valley physician) met them at the train. At this time Hemingway was constantly worried about money","957 the Mercians and Northumbrians revolted and drove out Eadwig choosing his brother Edgar as king of the country north of the Thames. The south remained faithful to Eadwig. At once Edgar's advisers recalled Dunstan. On Dunstan's return Archbishop Oda consecrated him a bishop and on the death of Coenwald","inspired many filmmakers and directors like the Situationist Guy Debord and independent companies such as \"Vertov Industries\" in Hawaii. The Dziga Vertov Group borrowed his name. In 1960 Jean Rouch used Vertov's filming theory when making \"Chronicle of a Summer\". His partner Edgar Morin coined \"Cinéma vérité\" term when describing","Fusion virtuoso Stanley Clarke (born 1951) is notable for his dexterity on both the upright bass and the electric bass. Terry Plumeri is noted for his horn-like arco fluency and vocal-sounding tone. In the 1990s and first decade of the 21st century one of the new \"young lions\" was Christian","at Ace he and co-editor Terry Carr began an annual anthology series \"The World's Best Science Fiction\" the first collection of what they considered the best of the prior year's short stories from magazines hardcovers paperback collections and other anthologies. In the early 1960s Ace reintroduced Edgar Rice Burroughs' work","Germany also made several horror films including ones starring Christopher Lee. The two genres were combined in the return of \"Doctor Mabuse\" in a series of several films of the early 1960s. At the end of the 1960s softcore sex films both the relatively serious \"Aufklärungsfilme\" (sex education films) of","free software over a two-year period. Congressmen Edgar David Villanueva and Jacques Rodrich Ackerman have been instrumental in introducing free software in Peru with bill 1609 on \"Free Software in Public Administration\". The incident invited the attention of Microsoft Inc Peru whose general manager wrote a letter to Villanueva. His","the latter directed by the Berlin-trained Karl Freund\u2014and \"The Black Cat\" (1934) directed by Austrian émigré Edgar G. Ulmer. The Universal horror film that comes closest to noir in story and sensibility is \"The Invisible Man\" (1933) directed by Englishman James Whale and photographed by American Arthur Edeson. Edeson later","was unjust. He \"threw down [his] pencil and walked out of the Adler and Sullivan office never to return.\" Dankmar Adler who was more sympathetic to Wright's actions later sent him the deed. On the other hand Wright told his Taliesin apprentices (as recorded by Edgar Tafel) that Sullivan fired","Rainmaker\" took me by surprise\" and that the film \"stands above any other filmed Grisham adaptation\". Grisham said of the film \"To me it's the best adaptation of any of [my books]... I love the movie. It's so well done.\" The film grossed about $45 million domestically. This would be","the company's early films Alfred Hitchcock's \"Blackmail\" (1929) is often regarded as the first British sound feature. It was a part-talkie with a synchronized score and sound effects. Earlier in 1929 the first all-talking British feature \"The Clue of the New Pin\" was released. It was based on a novel","King! May the King live for ever Amen\" has been sung at every coronation since that of King Edgar in 973. Scholes says that as early as 1545 \"God Save the King\" was a watchword of the Royal Navy with the response being \"Long to reign over us\". He also","Entrants in the contest seek to capture the rapid changes in point of view the florid language and the atmosphere of the full sentence. The opening was popularized by the \"Peanuts\" comic strip in which Snoopy's sessions on the typewriter usually began with It was a dark and stormy night.","brother Eadred but his two sons \u2013 Eadwig and Edgar the Peaceful \u2013 both later came to the throne. Edmund came to the throne as the son of Edward the Elder and therefore the grandson of Alfred the Great great-grandson of Æthelwulf of Wessex and great-great grandson of Egbert of","Rollier (Leysin) César Roux (Lausanne) Karl Schuler (Rorschach) Fritz Steinmann (Bern) Albert Vogel (Luzern) Hans Wildbolz (Bern) as well as the American neurosurgeon Harvey Cushing. Other notable students of his include Hayazo Ito (1865 - 1929) and S. Berezowsky which also spread his techniques in","second opera which would result in \"Edgar\". Work was begun in 1884 when Fontana began working out the scenario for the libretto. Puccini finished primary composition in 1887 and orchestration in 1888. \"Edgar\" premiered at La Scala on 21 April 1889 to a lukewarm response. The work was withdrawn for","of Edgar Allan Poe as well as Charles Dickens with his novella \"A Christmas Carol\". Another well known novel in this genre dating from the late Victorian era is Bram Stoker's \"Dracula\". The name \"Gothic\" refers to the (pseudo)-medieval buildings emulating Gothic architecture in which many of these stories take","Edgar Degas which was painted sometime between 1869\u201372 and is currently owned by the Museum of Fine Arts Boston. Despite perceived tendencies in mainstream music diffusion to Rock music and electric guitar notable guitarists arrived from other genres and different variations of the guitar instrument. Several magazines and websites have","the program by passing this material to news agencies. Many news organizations initially refused to publish the information. Within the year Director J. Edgar Hoover declared that the centralized COINTELPRO was over and that all future counterintelligence operations would be handled on a case-by-case basis. Additional documents were revealed in","chorded keyboard. This design philosophy was decided on to lower the cost of building devices and in turn lower the entry barrier to becoming familiar with chorded keyboards. Macro keys and multiple modes are also easily implemented with a user space driver. One minimal chordic keyboard example is Edgar Matias'","in Wilhelm Schulze Edgar Howard Sturtevant J. Davreux and . R. S. P. Beekes cites García Ramón's derivation of the name from the Proto-Indo-European root *\"(s)kend-\" \"raise\". Cassandra was a princess of Troy the daughter of King Priam and Queen Hecuba and the fraternal twin sister of Helenus. According to","Terry Southern. Its parody and picaresque methods have become favourites of black humorists. Charles Brockden Brown an early American novelist may have been directly affected by Voltaire whose work he knew well. Mark Kamrath professor of English describes the strength of the connection between \"Candide\" and \"Edgar Huntly; or Memoirs","component of the first sealed roads. In its original development by Edgar Purnell Hooley tarmac was tar covered with granite chips. Later the filler used was industrial slag. Today petroleum derived binders and sealers are more commonly used. These sealers are used to extend the life and reduce maintenance cost","growth of his legend. The 1701 broadside song \"Captain Kid's Farewell to the Seas or the Famous Pirate's Lament\" lists \"Two hundred bars of gold and rix dollars manifold we seized uncontrolled\". This belief made its contributions to literature in Edgar Allan Poe's \"The Gold-Bug\"; Washington Irving's \"The Devil and","He eventually crossed the River Thames at Wallingford pillaging the land as he went. Rather than continuing the war Edgar the Ætheling Edwin of Mercia and Morcar of Northumbria surrendered at Berkhamsted. William granted the citizens of London a charter in 1075; the City was one of a few examples","would appear with Grohl on the next Queens of the Stone Age album. Grohl had previously hosted the show during the first week of December 2012 as part of \"Celebrity Guest Host Week\". Grohl delivered a keynote speech at the 2013 SXSW conference in Austin Texas US on the morning","creatures into 'Law' 'Neutrality' and 'Chaos') was derived from the novel \"Three Hearts and Three Lions\" by Poul Anderson. A troll described in this work influenced the \"D&D\" definition of that monster. Other influences include the works of Robert E. Howard Edgar Rice Burroughs A. Merritt H. P. Lovecraft Fritz","Dallas Cowboys (Morton's former team) 27\u201310. In 1981 Broncos' owner Gerald Phipps who had purchased the team in May 1961 from the original owner Bob Howsam sold the team to Canadian financier Edgar Kaiser Jr. grandson of shipbuilding industrialist Henry J. Kaiser. In 1984 the team was purchased by Pat","an immediate bestseller when it was first published although reviewers were unstinting in their praise. The contemporary \"Daily Mail\" ranked Stoker's powers above those of Mary Shelley and Edgar Allan Poe as well as Emily Brontë's \"Wuthering Heights\". According to literary historians Nina Auerbach and David J. Skal in the","Barker.\" As influences on his writing Barker lists Herman Melville Edgar Allan Poe Ray Bradbury William S. Burroughs William Blake and Jean Cocteau among others. He is the writer of the best-selling Abarat series and plans on producing two more novels in the series. Barker has an interest in film","Pakistan Panama Paraguay Peru and Venezuela. Two of these Burma and Venezuela are countries that the U.S. considers to have failed to adhere to their obligations under international counternarcotics agreements during the previous 12 months. Notably absent from the 2005 list were Afghanistan the People's Republic of China and Vietnam;","a repeal of the law requiring the country to seek compensation. Americas Watch \u2013 which subsequently became part of Human Rights Watch \u2013 accused the Contras of: Human Rights Watch released a report on the situation in 1989 which stated: \"[The] contras were major and systematic violators of the most","decades-long release \"Rocky Horror\" became the seventh highest grossing R-rated film when adjusted for inflation; Journalist Matt Singer has questioned whether \"Rocky Horror\"s popularity invalidates its cult status. Founded in 1974 Troma Entertainment an independent studio would become known for both its cult following and cult films. In the 1980s","\"Arabian Nights\" like the fairy tales of the Brothers Grimm and the works of Edgar Allan Poe are known to have strongly influenced Smith's early writing as did William Beckford's \"Vathek\". At age 17 he sold several tales to \"The Black Cat\" a magazine which specialized in unusual tales. He","of Relatives\" (1870) Peirce extended the theory of relations that Augustus De Morgan had just recently awakened from its Cinderella slumbers. Much of the mathematics of relations now taken for granted was \"borrowed\" from Peirce not always with all due credit; on that and on how the young Bertrand Russell","Bernal Raymond Z. Gallun and Edgar Rice Burroughs who seem to have explored similar concepts in their work. Although such megastructures may be theoretically possible all plans to build a fixed-in-place Dyson sphere are currently far beyond humanity's engineering capacity. However parts of the technology like orbiting satellites and solar","1969 by Edgar F. Codd as an integral part of his relational model. The process of normalization entails organizing the columns (attributes) and tables (relations) of a database to ensure that their dependencies are properly enforced by database integrity constraints. It is accomplished by applying some formal rules either by","abandoned his barber character looked directly into the camera and pleaded against war and fascism. Charles J. Maland has identified this overt preaching as triggering a decline in Chaplin's popularity and writes \"Henceforth no movie fan would ever be able to separate the dimension of politics from [his] star image\".","other parts of the year made personal appearances in a touring \"spook show\" and on early commercial television. In September 1949 Milton Berle invited Lugosi to appear in a sketch on \"Texaco Star Theater\". Lugosi memorized the script for the skit but became confused on the air when Berle began","essayist art critic and pioneering translator of Edgar Allan Poe. His most famous work \"Les Fleurs du mal\" (\"The Flowers of Evil\") expresses the changing nature of beauty in modern industrializing Paris during the 19th century. Baudelaire's highly original style of prose-poetry influenced a whole generation of poets including Paul","a leg infection that extended into his groin and which his doctor diagnosed as life-threatening. The doctor insisted that the leg be amputated but Dwight refused to allow it and surprisingly recovered though he had to repeat his freshman year. He and brother Edgar both wanted to attend college though","as the first detective story and a direct influence on Edgar Allan Poe's \"The Murders in the Rue Morgue\" (1841). Also suggested as a possible influence on Poe is \u2018The Secret Cell\u2019 a short story published in September 1837 by William Evans Burton describing how a London policeman solves the","1970 by Edgar F. Codd departed from this tradition by insisting that applications should search for data by content rather than by following links. The relational model employs sets of ledger-style tables each used for a different type of entity. Only in the mid-1980s did computing hardware become powerful enough","incest with all three of his sisters and is implied to have murdered Drusilla. In the BBC series based on Graves' novel (where the role is played by John Hurt) Caligula although unhinged since early childhood becomes dangerously psychotic after an apparent epileptic seizure and awakens believing that he has","however was his primary focus especially after reading science fiction stories by writers such as H. G. Wells and Edgar Rice Burroughs which stirred his imagination about life on other planets such as Mars. According to biographer Ray Spangenburg these early years as Sagan tried to understand the mysteries of","\"principal forerunner\" of Portland cement and \"...Edgar Dobbs of Southwark patented a cement of this kind in 1811.\" In Russia Egor Cheliev created a new binder by mixing lime and clay. His results were published in 1822 in his book \"A Treatise on the Art to Prepare a Good Mortar\"","the galaxy in order to allow the younger races to find their own way. After the Shadows are defeated Garibaldi leaves his post as security chief and works on his own as a \"provider of information\". He begins working for one William Edgars a Mars tycoon who is married to","anonymously or occasionally adopting alternative pseudonyms. During this period he designed album sleeves and additional material for such acts as the Sutherland Brothers Kevin Coyne Edgar Broughton Band Chilli Willi and the Red Hot Peppers Quiver the Kursaal Flyers and Michael Moorcock and the Deep Fix. In 1976 his design","Road off the island of Bimini in the Bahamas which is in the Triangle by some definitions. Followers of the purported psychic Edgar Cayce take his prediction that evidence of Atlantis would be found in 1968 as referring to the discovery of the Bimini Road. Believers describe the formation as","north. The Pont Saint-Esprit connects Petit Bayonne with the Quartier Saint-Esprit across the Adour where the massive Citadelle and the railway station are located. Grand Bayonne is the commercial and civic hub with small pedestrianised streets packed with shops plus the cathedral and Hôtel de Ville. The Cathédrale Sainte-Marie is","social philosopher. He was the Edgar Pierce Professor of Psychology at Harvard University from 1958 until his retirement in 1974. Skinner considered free will an illusion and human action dependent on consequences of previous actions. If the consequences are bad there is a high chance the action will not be","Das Auto series where Max a 1964 black Beetle interviews famous people. When Knight talked about Volkswagen winning the best resale value award in 2008 Max replied \"At least one of us is winning a title this year.\" This prompted Knight to throw his chair off the stage and walk"],"title":["AFC Ajax","Atlantis","Bandy","Billy Bob Thornton","Bill Oddie","Baltimore Ravens","Bristol City F.C.","Atlanta","Albinism","August Derleth","Alfred Hitchcock","Akira Kurosawa","Apollo 14","Bill Holbrook","Apollo 13","Andrew Carnegie","Albert Schweitzer","Hercule Poirot","Agatha Christie","Alloy","Afterlife","Allen Ginsberg","Ealdred (archbishop of York)","Apollo program","Alexander I of Scotland","The Alan Parsons Project","Android (robot)","Berthe Morisot","The Bronx","Brunei","Belgium","Edvard Munch","Edgar Rice Burroughs","Extravehicular activity","Elizabeth Barrett Browning","E. E. Smith","Édouard Manet","Emma Goldman","Æthelred the Unready","Encyclopedia Brown","E. T. A. Hoffmann","Elvis Presley","E","Transport in Gibraltar","Guilt (emotion)","United States Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court","Fernando Pessoa","Federal Bureau of Investigation","Northrop F-5","Fantasy film","Germany","McDonnell FH Phantom","Fascism","Fahrenheit 451","Goth subculture","Gary Gygax","Greenwich Village","Edgar Allan Poe","Ernest Hemingway","Dunstan","Dziga Vertov","Double bass","Donald A. Wollheim","Cinema of Germany","Free software movement","Film noir","Frank Lloyd Wright","Francis Ford Coppola","Cinema of the United Kingdom","God Save the Queen","Edward Bulwer-Lytton","Edmund I","Emil Theodor Kocher","Giacomo Puccini","Gothic fiction","Guitarist","COINTELPRO","Chorded keyboard","Cassandra","Candide","Coal tar","William Kidd","City of London","Dave Grohl","Dungeons &amp; Dragons","Denver Broncos","Dracula","Clive Barker","Foreign policy of the United States","Contras","Cult film","Clark Ashton Smith","Charles Sanders Peirce","Dyson sphere","Database normalization","Charlie Chaplin","Bela Lugosi","Charles Baudelaire","Dwight D. Eisenhower","Detective fiction","Database","Caligula","Carl Sagan","Cement","Babylon 5","Barney Bubbles","Bermuda Triangle","Bayonne","B. F. Skinner","Bob Knight"],"word":"edgar","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2273","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2178","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4444","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4471","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4622","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4293","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4392","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3138","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=980","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=808","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=872","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1968","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4669","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1770","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1938","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1029","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1000","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=984","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1187","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1178","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1017","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1583","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1461","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1593","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1307","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=713","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4233","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3338","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3466","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3343","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9657","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9615","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10083","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10153","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10151","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9288","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9222","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12084","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12239","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11404","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11431","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11127","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11142","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11741","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11867","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11761","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11054","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10951","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12905","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12848","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13011","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9549","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9428","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8958","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8930","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8816","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8843","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10612","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10638","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10802","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10683","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10576","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10793","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12334","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10393","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10354","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10473","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12750","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12622","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12620","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6589","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6336","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6526","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6629","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7466","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7119","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6883","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8099","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7940","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8122","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7923","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7573","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7564","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7548","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5645","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6210","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6117","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8586","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8640","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5142","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5034","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5804","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8182","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8192","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8377","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6852","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6824","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6670","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4800","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4930","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4854","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4741","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4868","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4871"]}
	{"docID":[8249,12731,10006,9510,10672],"text":["An often-cited definition of music is that it is \"organized sound\" a term originally coined by modernist composer Edgard Varèse in reference to his own musical aesthetic. Varèse's concept of music as \"organized sound\" fits into his vision of \"sound as living matter\" and of \"musical space as open rather","Inglis considered \"Abbey Road\" a turning point in Harrison's development as a songwriter and musician. He described Harrison's contributions to the LP as \"exquisite\" declaring them equal to any previous Beatles songs. During the album's recording Harrison asserted more creative control than before proactively rejecting suggestions for changes to his","All early circuit-based synthesis involved the use of analogue circuitry particularly voltage controlled amplifiers oscillators and filters. An important technological development was the invention of the Clavivox synthesizer in 1956 by Raymond Scott with subassembly by Robert Moog. French composer and engineer Edgard Varèse created a variety of compositions using","that would have profound and lasting effects on the direction of electronic music. Another associate of Schaeffer Edgard Varèse began work on \"Déserts\" a work for chamber orchestra and tape. The tape parts were created at Pierre Schaeffer's studio and were later revised at Columbia University. In 1950 Schaeffer gave","classical composers such as Edgard Varèse Igor Stravinsky and Anton Webern along with 1950s rhythm and blues and doo-wop music. He began writing classical music in high school while at the same time playing drums in rhythm and blues bands; later switching to electric guitar. His 1966 debut album with"],"title":["Definition of music","George Harrison","Electronic musical instrument","Electronic music","Frank Zappa"],"word":"edgard","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8249","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12731","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10006","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9510","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10672"]}
	{"docID":[10784],"text":["Edgardo Cozarinsky) Russia (Alexandre Alexeieff Anatole Litvak) Austria (Michael Haneke) and Georgia (Géla Babluani Otar Iosseliani) are prominent in the ranks of French cinema. Conversely French directors have had prolific and influential careers in other countries such as Luc Besson Jacques Tourneur or Francis Veber in the United States. Another"],"title":["Cinema of France"],"word":"edgardo","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10784"]}
	{"docID":[1132,4367],"text":["on 238 runs Australia took a narrow lead scoring 270 in their first innings. In the second innings England scored 330 Ian Bell top-scoring with 113. Needing only 298 runs to win Australia was in a strong position at 138/2 only 160 short with eight wickets in hand. Following a","against Durham at Edgbaston in 1994 which is the only quintuple hundred in first-class cricket history. Lara also holds the record for the highest individual score in a Test innings after scoring 400 not out against England at Antigua in 2004. He is the only batsman to have ever scored"],"title":["The Ashes","Brian Lara"],"word":"edgbaston","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1132","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4367"]}
	{"docID":[10553],"text":["edge-blown aerophones. A musician who plays the flute can be referred to as a flute player flautist flutist or less commonly fluter or flutenist. Flutes are the earliest extant musical instruments as paleolithic instruments with hand-bored holes have been found. A number of flutes dating to about 43000 to 35000"],"title":["Flute"],"word":"edgeblown","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10553"]}
	{"docID":[6932],"text":["Harlem Hospital. They met when he was working on a mural project at the hospital. Their home including his studio as on Edgecombe Avenue near Highbridge Park. The couple lived close to family; at their frequent gatherings Alston enjoyed cooking and Myra played piano. During the 1940s Alston also took"],"title":["Charles Alston"],"word":"edgecomb","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932"]}
	{"docID":[10213],"text":["made in GSM core networks. EDGE-compatible transceiver units must be installed and the base station subsystem needs to be upgraded to support EDGE. If the operator already has this in place which is often the case today the network can be upgraded to EDGE by activating an optional software feature."],"title":["Enhanced Data Rates for GSM Evolution"],"word":"edgecompat","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10213"]}
	{"docID":[2078],"text":["the original cream-coloured \"wall wart\" style power supply designed to BS 415 and manufactured in Hong Kong. The original Electron Edge-connector was repeated on the back of the Plus3 in addition to a secondary smaller edge-connector that enabled additional drives to be connected (Shugart-compatible connection). These required their own power-supply."],"title":["Acorn Electron"],"word":"edgeconnector","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2078"]}
	{"docID":[624],"text":["($89895). Yakutat City Sitka Juneau and Anchorage are the four largest cities in the U.S. by area. As reflected in the 2010 United States Census Alaska has a total of 355 incorporated cities and census-designated places (CDPs). The tally of cities includes four unified municipalities essentially the equivalent of a"],"title":["Alaska"],"word":"edgecumb","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=624"]}
	{"docID":[10213],"text":["400 kbit/s can be expected. EDGE/EGPRS is implemented as a bolt-on enhancement for 2.5G GSM/GPRS networks making it easier for existing GSM carriers to upgrade to it. EDGE is a superset to GPRS and can function on any network with GPRS deployed on it provided the carrier implements the necessary"],"title":["Enhanced Data Rates for GSM Evolution"],"word":"edgeegpr","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10213"]}
	{"docID":[11004],"text":["edges of a triangle in \"X\". If \"v\" is a fixed vertex in \"X\" an \"edge-loop\" at \"v\" is an edge-path starting and ending at \"v\". The edge-path group \"E\"(\"X\" \"v\") is defined to be the set of edge-equivalence classes of edge-loops at \"v\" with product and inverse defined by concatenation"],"title":["Fundamental group"],"word":"edgeequival","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11004"]}
	{"docID":[12398],"text":["of those locations within its immediate vicinity. Digital elevation models triangulated irregular networks edge-finding algorithms Thiessen polygons Fourier analysis (weighted) moving averages inverse distance weighting kriging spline and trend surface analysis are all mathematical methods to produce interpolative data. Geocoding is interpolating spatial locations (XY coordinates) from street addresses or"],"title":["Geographic information system"],"word":"edgefind","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12398"]}
	{"docID":[8637],"text":["doors a term chiefly used in Britain are double doors having a lip or overlap (i.e. a Rabbet) on the vertical edge(s) where they meet. Fire-rating can be achieved with an applied edge-guard or astragal molding on the meeting stile in accordance with the American Fire door. Evolution Door is"],"title":["Door"],"word":"edgeguard","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8637"]}
	{"docID":[7129,7426,9709,12863],"text":["sent to the Tower from which he escaped a month later. Lambert tried to rekindle the civil war in favour of the Commonwealth by issuing a proclamation calling on all supporters of the \"Good Old Cause\" to rally on the battlefield of Edgehill. But he was recaptured by Colonel Richard","to Windsor Castle. After sending his wife and eldest daughter to safety abroad in February he travelled northwards hoping to seize the military arsenal at Hull. To his dismay he was rebuffed by the town's Parliamentary governor Sir John Hotham who refused him entry in April and Charles was forced","counsellable to march towards London it being morally sure that the earl of Essex would put himself in their way\". Accordingly the army left Shrewsbury on 12 October gaining two days' start on the enemy and moved south-east. This had the desired effect as it forced Essex to move to","troops of horses and dragoons. In the aftermath of the Battle of Edgehill in October of the same year Richard Baxter moved to Coventry and Abbot was one of those hearing him preach there. Baxter in writing on the Sabbath referred to \"my dear friend Mr. George Abbot\". In his"],"title":["Commonwealth of England","Charles I of England","English Civil War","George Abbot (author)"],"word":"edgehil","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7129","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7426","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12863"]}
	{"docID":[1851],"text":["be the edge-length of a uniform antiprism. Then the volume is and the surface area is There are an infinite set of truncated antiprisms including a lower-symmetry form of the truncated octahedron (truncated triangular antiprism). These can be alternated to create snub antiprisms two of which are Johnson solids and"],"title":["Antiprism"],"word":"edgelength","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1851"]}
	{"docID":[11004],"text":["said to be \"edge-equivalent\" if one can be obtained from the other by successively switching between an edge and the two opposite edges of a triangle in \"X\". If \"v\" is a fixed vertex in \"X\" an \"edge-loop\" at \"v\" is an edge-path starting and ending at \"v\". The edge-path"],"title":["Fundamental group"],"word":"edgeloop","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11004"]}
	{"docID":[6653],"text":["Beach Big Bay Sunset Beach Sunningdale and Parklands as well as the exurbs of Atlantis and Melkbosstrand. The Koeberg Nuclear Power Station is located within this area and maximum housing density regulations are enforced in much of the area surrounding the nuclear plant. The Northern Suburbs are Afrikaans-speaking and include"],"title":["Cape Town"],"word":"edgemead","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6653"]}
	{"docID":[7930],"text":["that the tar and chip composition of secondary roads in Sussex County make them more prone to deterioration than asphalt roadways found in almost the rest of the state. Among these roads Sussex (county road) 236 is among the most problematic. There are three ferries that operate in the state"],"title":["Delaware"],"word":"edgemoor","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7930"]}
	{"docID":[6435,6355,6371,8651,5439,798,10100],"text":["a spiral galaxy with an integrated magnitude of 9.0. M94 is a small face-on spiral galaxy with an approximate magnitude of 8.0 about 15 million light-years from Earth. NGC 4631 is a barred spiral galaxy which is one of the largest and brightest edge-on galaxies in the sky. M3 (NGC","from the epidermis of a leaf. The chloroplasts of plant and algal cells can orient themselves to best suit the available light. In low-light conditions they will spread out in a sheet\u2014maximizing the surface area to absorb light. Under intense light they will seek shelter by aligning in vertical columns","the galaxy's high rate of star formation which continues today and contributes to its high surface brightness. NGC 5253 includes a large nebula and at least 12 large star clusters. In the eyepiece it is a small galaxy of magnitude 10 with dimensions of 5 arcminutes by 2 arcminutes and","curves. Rubin worked with a new spectrograph to measure the velocity curve of edge-on spiral galaxies with greater accuracy. This result was confirmed in 1978. An influential paper presented Rubin's results in 1980. Rubin found that most galaxies must contain about six times as much dark as visible mass; thus","It contains a large elliptical galaxy a face-on spiral galaxy and an edge-on spiral galaxy. The face-on spiral galaxy is experiencing abnormally high rates of star formation indicating that it is interacting with one or both members of the group. Furthermore the large elliptical galaxy and the edge-on spiral galaxy","772 has a small companion galaxy NGC 770 that is about 113000 light-years away from the larger galaxy. The two galaxies together are also classified as Arp 78 in the Arp peculiar galaxy catalog. NGC 772 has a diameter of 240000 light-years and the system is 114 million light-years from","varies but can range from a few minutes to an hour. (For a given frequency band a larger antenna has a narrower beam-width and hence experiences shorter duration \"Sun outage\" windows.) Equinoxes occur on any planet with a tilted rotational axis. A dramatic example is Saturn where the equinox places"],"title":["Canes Venatici","Chloroplast","Centaurus","Dark matter","Capricornus","Aries (constellation)","Equinox"],"word":"edgeon","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6435","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6355","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6371","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8651","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5439","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=798","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10100"]}
	{"docID":[6140],"text":["his elevation to paterfamilias of Claudii Nerones on the adoption of his brother) was inscribed on the edge\u2014past the deceased princes Gaius and Lucius and Germanicus' children. There is some speculation that the inscription was added by Claudius himself decades later and that he originally did not appear at all."],"title":["Claudius"],"word":"edgepast","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6140"]}
	{"docID":[11004],"text":["is an edge-path starting and ending at \"v\". The edge-path group \"E\"(\"X\" \"v\") is defined to be the set of edge-equivalence classes of edge-loops at \"v\" with product and inverse defined by concatenation and reversal of edge-loops. The edge-path group is naturally isomorphic to π(|\"X\"| \"v\") the fundamental group of the geometric"],"title":["Fundamental group"],"word":"edgepath","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11004"]}
	{"docID":[4545],"text":["play or edgeplay\u2014should be treated with the same regard as extreme sports with both respect and the demand that practitioners educate themselves and practice the higher-risk activities to decrease risk. RACK may be seen as focusing primarily upon awareness and informed consent rather than accepted safe practices. Consent is the"],"title":["BDSM"],"word":"edgeplayshould","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4545"]}
	{"docID":[10018],"text":["over the United States and Europe and a group of computer scientists contributed research articles which were edited into a book. In 2002 the C&C Foundation of Japan recognized Dijkstra \"for his pioneering contributions to the establishment of the scientific basis for computer software through creative research in basic software"],"title":["Edsger W. Dijkstra"],"word":"edger","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10018"]}
	{"docID":[784,620],"text":["a naturalized citizen in 1940. He met Mira Edgerly a painter of portraits on ivory shortly after the Armistice and married her in January 1919. Their marriage lasted until his death. His first book \"Manhood of Humanity\" was published in 1921. In the book he proposed and explained in detail","terror faced by the populace in the 1930s. In chapter seven when the animals confess their nonexistent crimes and are killed Orwell directly alludes to the purges confessions and show trials of the late 1930s. These contributed to Orwell's conviction that the Bolshevik revolution had been corrupted and the Soviet"],"title":["Alfred Korzybski","Animal Farm"],"word":"edgerli","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=784","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=620"]}
	{"docID":[9424],"text":["rival to GSM and Ericsson had a global market share of 25% but the overall volumes were too low so Ericsson wound down its CDMA commitment ending it completely by 2006. Ericsson started a series of acquisitions to strengthen its position in key technologies and market segments. The first of"],"title":["Ericsson"],"word":"edgerout","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9424"]}
	{"docID":[11545],"text":["exclusively for discussing clocked circuits; the simple ones are commonly called \"latches\". Using this terminology a latch is level-sensitive whereas a flip-flop is edge-sensitive. That is when a latch is enabled it becomes transparent while a flip flop's output only changes on a single type (positive going or negative going)"],"title":["Feedback"],"word":"edgesensit","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11545"]}
	{"docID":[3378],"text":["solutions. Beryllium forms binary compounds with many non-metals. Anhydrous halides are known for F Cl Br and I. BeF has a silica-like structure with corner-shared BeF tetrahedra. BeCl and BeBr have chain structures with edge-shared tetrahedra. All beryllium halides have a linear monomeric molecular structure in the gas phase. Beryllium"],"title":["Beryllium"],"word":"edgeshar","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3378"]}
	{"docID":[12024],"text":["the appearance of spacetime boundaries known as singularities. Spacetime can be explored by following up on timelike and lightlike geodesics\u2014all possible ways that light and particles in free fall can travel. But some solutions of Einstein's equations have \"ragged edges\"\u2014regions known as spacetime singularities where the paths of light and"],"title":["General relativity"],"word":"edgesregion","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12024"]}
	{"docID":[5813],"text":["gave him much-valued encouragement. Asked by Lloyd-Jones when he would write another book Lewis replied \"When I understand the meaning of prayer.\" Many ideas in the trilogy particularly opposition to dehumanization as portrayed in the third book are presented more formally in \"The Abolition of Man\" based on a series"],"title":["C. S. Lewis"],"word":"edgestow","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5813"]}
	{"docID":[8815],"text":["edge-tangency points and so must also be canonical. It is the canonical dual and the two together form a canonical dual pair. Even when a pair of polyhedra cannot be obtained by reciprocation from each other they may be called duals of each other as long as the vertices of"],"title":["Dual polyhedron"],"word":"edgetang","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8815"]}
	{"docID":[4906],"text":["themselves (as in the SH3 domain) or form horseshoe shapes (as in the ribonuclease inhibitor). Open β-sheets can assemble face-to-face (such as the β-propeller domain or immunoglobulin fold) or edge-to-edge forming one big β-sheet. β-pleated sheet structures are made from extended β-strand polypeptide chains with strands linked to their neighbours"],"title":["Beta sheet"],"word":"edgetoedg","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4906"]}
	{"docID":[6280],"text":["is not only vertex-transitive but also edge-transitive. Its dual polyhedron is the rhombic dodecahedron. The cuboctahedron was probably known to Plato: Heron's \"Definitiones\" quotes Archimedes as saying that Plato knew of a solid made of 8 triangles and 6 squares. The area \"A\" and the volume \"V\" of the cuboctahedron"],"title":["Cuboctahedron"],"word":"edgetransit","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6280"]}
	{"docID":[11545],"text":["and for synchronizing variably-timed input signals to some reference timing signal. Flip-flops can be either simple (transparent or opaque) or clocked (synchronous or edge-triggered). Although the term flip-flop has historically referred generically to both simple and clocked circuits in modern usage it is common to reserve the term \"flip-flop\" exclusively"],"title":["Feedback"],"word":"edgetrigg","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11545"]}
	{"docID":[1847],"text":["number of vertices is 720° divided by the vertex angle defect. The cuboctahedron and icosidodecahedron are edge-uniform and are called quasi-regular. The duals of the Archimedean solids are called the Catalan solids. Together with the bipyramids and trapezohedra these are the face-uniform solids with regular vertices. The snub cube and"],"title":["Archimedean solid"],"word":"edgeuniform","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1847"]}
	{"docID":[6112],"text":["full-circle hands-free walk. Visitors are tethered to an overhead rail system and walk around the edge of the CN Tower's main pod above the 360 Restaurant on a metal floor. The attraction is closed throughout the winter season and during periods of electrical storms and high winds. One of the"],"title":["CN Tower"],"word":"edgewalk","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6112"]}
	{"docID":[5951,3338],"text":["or west side of the Cuyahoga River. The east side includes the neighborhoods of Buckeye-Shaker Central Collinwood Corlett Euclid-Green Fairfax Forest Hills Glenville Payne/Goodrich-Kirtland Park Hough Kinsman Lee Harvard/Seville-Miles Mount Pleasant Nottingham St. Clair-Superior Union-Miles Park University Little Italy and Woodland Hills. The west side includes the neighborhoods of Brooklyn","River the borough is relatively flat and includes four large low peninsulas or 'necks' of low-lying land which jut into the waters of the East River and were once saltmarsh: Hunts Point Clason's Point Screvin's Neck (Castle Hill Point) and Throgs Neck. The East Bronx has older tenement buildings low"],"title":["Cleveland","The Bronx"],"word":"edgewat","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3338"]}
	{"docID":[1896,6546],"text":["an existing one or merge two or more chains. Chains are sets of edge-wise adjacent tiles. Founders receive a share of stock in new chains. A chain can become \"safe\" immune to acquisition by attaining a specified size. Following placement of a tile the player may then buy a limited","territory. The Celts were described by classical writers such as Strabo Livy Pausanias and Florus as fighting like \"wild beasts\" and as hordes. Dionysius said that their Such descriptions have been challenged by contemporary historians. Polybius (2.33) indicates that the principal Celtic weapon was a long bladed sword which was"],"title":["Acquire","Celts"],"word":"edgewis","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1896","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6546"]}
	{"docID":[10672],"text":["After a time in Florida in the 1940s the family returned to Maryland where Zappa's father worked at the Edgewood Arsenal chemical warfare facility of the Aberdeen Proving Ground. Due to their home's proximity to the arsenal which stored mustard gas gas masks were kept in the home in case"],"title":["Frank Zappa"],"word":"edgewood","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10672"]}
	{"docID":[9695,2834],"text":["lofts. There was no school in Aldeburgh so Garrett learned the three Rs from her mother. When she was 10 years old a governess Miss Edgeworth a poor gentlewoman was employed to educate Garrett and her sister. Mornings were spent in the schoolroom; there were regimented afternoon walks; educating the","published in 1803. Maria Edgeworth specifically distances herself from Wollstonecraft in her novel \"Belinda\" (1802); she caricatures Wollstonecraft as a radical feminist in the character of Harriet Freke. But like Jane Austen she does not reject Wollstonecraft's ideas. Both Edgeworth and Austen argue that women are crucial to the development"],"title":["Elizabeth Garrett Anderson","A Vindication of the Rights of Woman"],"word":"edgeworth","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2834"]}
	{"docID":[880,3856,3411,10791,11985,11181,5247,8351,8340,6851,4726],"text":["Europe and in Japan and Mexico hit the Top 10 in Canada and Australia and the Top 20 in the United States. None of the singles from the album reached number-one on the UK charts but \"Chiquitita\" \"Does Your Mother Know\" \"Angeleyes\" (with \"Voulez-Vous\" released as a double A-side) and","club) was the only club that was anywhere close to major league caliber. In fact there were dozens of leagues large and small at this time. What made the National League \"major\" was its dominant position in the major cities particularly New York City the edgy emotional nerve center of","and third single \"(You Drive Me) Crazy\" runs through a moderately slow dance beat and has a rhythm and blues melody mixed with edgy synthesized instrumentals. The third track and second single \"Sometimes\" is a ballad that Spears begins with \"You tell me you're in love with me/That you can't","(主旋律电影) still produced regularly nowadays try to emulate the commercial mainstream by the use of Hollywood-style music and special effects. They are often subsidized by the state and have free access to government and military personnel. August 1st Film Studio the film and TV production arm of the People's Liberation","music systems in European cities along with other concerns over urban life. The Anti-Social Behaviour Act 2003 became Britain's latest anti-graffiti legislation. In August 2004 the Keep Britain Tidy campaign issued a press release calling for zero tolerance of graffiti and supporting proposals such as issuing \"on the spot\" fines","\"The First Deadly Sin\" (1980). Santopietro said that as a troubled New York City homicide cop Sinatra gave an \"extraordinarily rich\" heavily layered characterization one which \"made for one terrific farewell\" to his film career. After beginning on the \"Major Bowes Amateur Hour\" radio show with the Hoboken Four in","honky tonk with elements of Western swing and originated north-northwest of Los Angeles in Bakersfield California. Influenced by one-time West Coast residents Bob Wills and Lefty Frizzell by 1966 it was known as the Bakersfield sound. It relied on electric instruments and amplification in particular the Telecaster electric guitar more","Jewish Journal of Greater Los Angeles\" imploring fellow Jewish Americans to vote for Republican nominee Mitt Romney. In an essay for \"Newsweek\" published on 29 January 2013 Mamet argued against gun control laws: \"It was intended to guard us against this inevitable decay of government that the Constitution was written.","went on to become one of Letterman's most recurrent guests guesting on the show's 30th anniversary episode which aired January 31 2012 and on the very last show which aired May 20 2015. The show ran Monday through Thursday at 12:30 a.m. Eastern Time immediately following \"The Tonight Show Starring Johnny","of Prince Charles and Lady Diana two days later. In the 1980s relationships were cemented between established characters: Alf Roberts (Bryan Mosley) married Audrey Potter (Sue Nicholls) in 1985 and Kevin Webster (Michael Le Vell) married Sally Seddon (Sally Dynevor) in 1986. Bet Lynch married Alec Gilroy in 1987 and","but Liotta declined a decision he regrets. Willem Dafoe who was falsely reported to be considered for the Joker had actually been considered for Batman early in development. Producer Jon Peters suggested Michael Keaton arguing he had the right \"edgy tormented quality\" after having seen his dramatic performance in \"Clean"],"title":["ABBA","History of baseball in the United States","...Baby One More Time (album)","Cinema of China","Graffiti","Frank Sinatra","Country music","David Mamet","David Letterman","Coronation Street","Batman (1989 film)"],"word":"edgi","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=880","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3856","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3411","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10791","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11985","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11181","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5247","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8351","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8340","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6851","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4726"]}
	{"docID":[4730,5645,6231],"text":["working together. Batman's costume was redesigned along the lines of a more \"MTV organic and edgier feel\" to the suit. Sound editing and mixing was supervised by Bruce Stambler and John Levesque which included trips to caves to record bat sounds. A new Batmobile was designed for \"Batman Forever\" with","Ralph Bakshi's career has been marked with controversy: \"Fritz the Cat\" (1972) the first animated film to be rated \"X\" by the MPAA provoked outrage for its racial caricatures and graphic depictions of sex and \"Coonskin\" (1975) was decried as racist. Bakshi recalls that older animators had tired of \"kid","in mainstream comic books which was dubbed the \"British Invasion\" in comic book history. These writers and artists brought with them their own mature themes and philosophy such as anarchy controversy and politics common in British media. These elements would pave the way for mature and \"darker and edgier\" comic"],"title":["Batman Forever","Cult film","Comic book"],"word":"edgier","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4730","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5645","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6231"]}
	{"docID":[8166],"text":["a \"Devon Metro\" scheme to improve rail services in the county and offer a realistic alternative to car travel. This includes the delivery of Cranbrook station plus four new stations (including Edginswell) as a priority. Exeter International Airport is a base for Flybe. Destinations include London (City) Manchester Dublin Paris"],"title":["Devon"],"word":"edginswel","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8166"]}
	{"docID":[9935],"text":["appearance\" and married her in 930. The remaining sister Edgiva was married to a \"king near the Jupiter mountains\" (the Alps) probably to Louis brother of King Rudolph II of Burgundy. The precise identity of the husband of this sister is debated. In 936 Henry the Fowler died and his"],"title":["Eadgyth"],"word":"edgiva","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9935"]}
	{"docID":[9316],"text":["May June September and October. Rainfall is spread fairly evenly throughout the year. Important influences on the climate of England are its proximity to the Atlantic Ocean its northern latitude and the warming of the sea by the Gulf Stream. Rainfall is higher in the west and parts of the"],"title":["England"],"word":"edgmond","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9316"]}
	{"docID":[1000],"text":["hunt down a criminal known as Baron Altara. They also meet in England where Poirot often helps Japp and lets him take credit in return for special favours. These favours usually entail Poirot being supplied with other interesting cases. In \"Agatha Christie's Poirot\" Japp was portrayed by Philip Jackson. In"],"title":["Hercule Poirot"],"word":"edgwar","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1000"]}
	{"docID":[10216,7903],"text":["ð; also spelled edh or eð) is a letter used in Old English Middle English Icelandic Faroese (in which it is called \"edd\") and Elfdalian. It was also used in Scandinavia during the Middle Ages but was subsequently replaced with \"dh\" and later \"d\". It is often transliterated as \"d\"","modes (referred to as EDH or DHE depending on the cipher suite). The method was followed shortly afterwards by RSA an implementation of public-key cryptography using asymmetric algorithms. In 2002 Hellman suggested the algorithm be called Diffie\u2013Hellman\u2013Merkle key exchange in recognition of Ralph Merkle's contribution to the invention of public-key"],"title":["Eth","Diffie\u2013Hellman key exchange"],"word":"edh","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10216","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7903"]}
	{"docID":[2927],"text":["of northern Greece and southern Montenegro in Ottoman sources were referred to as \"Arnavudluk\" or Albania. The Ottoman period that followed in Albania after the end of Skanderbeg's resistance was characterized by other changes. Many Albanians gained prominent positions in the Ottoman government such as: Iljaz Hoxha Hamza Kastrioti Koca"],"title":["Albanians"],"word":"edhem","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927"]}
	{"docID":[9620],"text":["Afrocentric schools religious schools - or teaching them at home and in their communities.\" In the latter half of the decade E. D. Hirsch put forth an influential attack on one or more versions of progressive education advocating an emphasis on \"cultural literacy\"\u2014the facts phrases and texts that Hirsch asserted every American"],"title":["Education reform"],"word":"edhirsch","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9620"]}
	{"docID":[9790,9020,9611,11668,10520,6639,7158,7179,7180,3116,864,4443,3430,738],"text":["information technologies EDI was inspired by developments in military logistics. The complexity of the 1948 Berlin airlift required the development of concepts and methods to exchange sometimes over a 300 baud teletype modem vast quantities of data and information about transported goods. These initial concepts later shaped the first TDCC","situations where he was finally a \"winner\" (versus his usual portrayal as a \"loser\") when Super Daisy appeared in the same story as the Duck Avenger she then became the \"winner\" and Donald was once more relegated to the role of \"loser.\" This upset some children who complained to the","(EDI) inventory management systems and automated data collection systems. Modern electronic commerce typically uses the World Wide Web for at least one part of the transaction's life cycle although it may also use other technologies such as e-mail. Typical e-commerce transactions include the purchase of online books (such as Amazon)","first full recording. \"Follies\" was voted ninth in a BBC Radio 2 listener poll of the UK's \"Nation's Number One Essential Musicals.\" Michigan Opera Theatre (MOT) was the first major American opera company to present \"Follies\" as part of their main stage repertoire running from October 21 1988 through November","Glenda\". The couple broke up in 1955 after Wood cast another actress in the lead role of \"Bride of the Monster\" (Wood originally wrote the part for Fuller and reduced her part to a 1-minute cameo) and because of Wood's excessive drinking. While making \"Bride of the Monster\" in late","In 2006 the company had completed its promise having paid a total of $180 million (and an additional $17 million from a relief fund run by Lutnick's sister Edie). Until the attacks Cantor had handled about a quarter of the daily transactions in the multi-trillion dollar treasury security market. Cantor Fitzgerald has","(20 g). The ANSI X.12 EDI standard abbreviation for the carat is CD. First attested in English in the mid-15th century the word \"carat\" comes from Italian \"carato\" which comes from Arabic \"qīrāṭ\" قيراط in turn borrowed from Greek \"kerátion\" κεράτιον 'carob seed' a diminutive of \"keras\" 'horn'. It was a","Enchanted\" this time as the villain not the hero. He made an uncredited appearance as Sam Green the man who introduced Andy Warhol to Edie Sedgwick in the 2006 film \"Factory Girl\". In 2007 he appeared in Garry Marshall's \"Georgia Rule\" opposite Jane Fonda. In 2010 he returned to the","movie \"The Thin Man\") with Joanna Gleason the daughter of Monty Hall. Sarandon married Gleason in 1994. They have appeared together in a number of movies including \"Edie & Pen\" (1996) \"American Perfekt\" (1997) and \"Let the Devil Wear Black\" (1999). During the 2000s he made guest appearances in several","SUB CMP AND OR XOR TEST) may specify any of the eight registers EAX ECX EDX EBX ESP EBP ESI EDI as the accumulator (i.e. left operand and destination); this is also supported for multiply if the upper half of the result is not required. x86 is thus a fairly","& Exhibitions; and Vol. III Legacy Program. The Foundation remains one of the largest grant-giving organizations for the visual arts in the U.S. Many of Warhol's works and possessions are on display at The Andy Warhol Museum in Pittsburgh. The foundation donated more than 3000 works of art to the","guides recommend that visitors take precautions in order to ensure their possessions' safety especially inside the metro premises. Despite its moderate pickpocket rate Barcelona is considered one of the safest cities in terms of health security and personal safety mainly because of a sophisticated policing strategy that has dropped crime","to illegal content faced opposition. On July 12 1985 in conjunction with a credit card fraud investigation the Middlesex County NJ Sheriff's department raided and seized The Private Sector BBS which was the official BBS for grey hat hacker quarterly 2600 Magazine at the time. The notorious Rusty n Edie's","led by Italy entered the country with two goals: to assist with the evacuation of expatriates and to secure the ground for international organizations. The main international organization involved was the Western European Union's Multinational Albanian Police element (MAPE) which worked with the government to restructure the judicial system and"],"title":["Electronic data interchange","Daisy Duck","E-commerce","Follies","Ed Wood","Cantor Fitzgerald","Carat (mass)","Cary Elwes","Chris Sarandon","Accumulator (computing)","Andy Warhol","Barcelona","Bulletin board system","Albania"],"word":"edi","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9790","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9020","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9611","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11668","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10520","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6639","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7158","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7179","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7180","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3116","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=864","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4443","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3430","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=738"]}
	{"docID":[9300,10958,5367],"text":["the oldest definite multicellular organisms (with specialized tissues) the most common types of which resemble segmented worms fronds disks or immobile bags. Ediacara biota bear little resemblance to modern lifeforms and their relationship even with the immediately following lifeforms of the Cambrian explosion is rather difficult to interpret. More than","2.3 and 3.5 billion years. Most of these Precambrian fossils are microscopic bacteria or microfossils. However macroscopic fossils are now known from the late Proterozoic. The Ediacara biota (also called Vendian biota) dating from 575 million years ago collectively constitutes a richly diverse assembly of early multicellular eukaryotes. The fossil record and","shelly fossils before the first trilobites and Ediacara biota substantially earlier led to calls for a more precisely defined base to the Cambrian period. After decades of careful consideration a continuous sedimentary sequence at Fortune Head Newfoundland was settled upon as a formal base of the Cambrian period which was"],"title":["Ediacaran","Fossil","Cambrian"],"word":"ediacara","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9300","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10958","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5367"]}
	{"docID":[5367,6621,5131,9300,9236],"text":["period marked a steep change in the diversity and composition of Earth's biosphere. The Ediacaran biota suffered a mass extinction at the start of the Cambrian Period which corresponded to an increase in the abundance and complexity of burrowing behaviour. This behaviour had a profound and irreversible effect on the","lineages had already diverged. Although the Ediacaran fossil \"Charnia\" used to be classified as a jellyfish or sea pen more recent study of growth patterns in \"Charnia\" and modern cnidarians has cast doubt on this hypothesis leaving only the Canadian polyp \"Haootia\" as the only bona-fide cnidarian body fossil from","hence well before the start of the Cambrian . The Ediacaran fossil \"Ernietta\" from about may represent a deuterostome animal. Fossils of one major deuterostome group the echinoderms (whose modern members include starfish sea urchins and crinoids) are quite common from the start of the Cambrian . The Mid Cambrian","Flinders Ranges of South Australia at . The Ediacaran Period overlaps but is shorter than the Vendian Period a name that was earlier in 1952 proposed by Russian geologist and paleontologist Boris Sokolov. The Vendian concept was formed stratigraphically top-down and the lower boundary of the Cambrian became the upper","coevolution with the bacteria evolving into either mitochondria or hydrogenosomes. Another engulfment of cyanobacterial-like organisms led to the formation of chloroplasts in algae and plants. The history of life was that of the unicellular eukaryotes prokaryotes and archaea until about 610 million years ago when multicellular organisms began to appear"],"title":["Cambrian","Cnidaria","Chordate","Ediacaran","Evolution"],"word":"ediacaran","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5367","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6621","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5131","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9300","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9236"]}
	{"docID":[5367],"text":["dated horizon in Oman does not correspond to the Ediacaran-Cambrian boundary but represents a facies change from marine to evaporite-dominated strata \u2014 which would mean that dates from other more suitable sections ranging from 544 or 542 Ma are more suitable. Plate reconstructions suggest a global supercontinent Pannotia was in"],"title":["Cambrian"],"word":"ediacarancambrian","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5367"]}
	{"docID":[9300],"text":["the Cambrian explosion is rather difficult to interpret. More than 100 genera have been described and well known forms include \"Arkarua\" \"Charnia\" \"Dickinsonia\" \"Ediacaria\" \"Marywadea\" \"Onega\" \"Pteridinium\" and \"Yorgia\". There is evidence that Earth's first mass extinction happened during this period when early animals changed the environment. The relative proximity"],"title":["Ediacaran"],"word":"ediacaria","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9300"]}
	{"docID":[9790],"text":["costly. It is important to select the correct level of integration to match the business requirement. For a business with relatively few transactions with EDI-based partners it may make sense for businesses to implement inexpensive \"rip and read\" solutions where the EDI format is printed out in human-readable form and"],"title":["Electronic data interchange"],"word":"edibas","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9790"]}
	{"docID":[9320,10646,10591,12383,12485,12710,12562,12681,12550,10843,10834,13162,11984,12233,13068,12950,621,639,3417,3392,4518,4487,4410,4400,2594,777,1239,1064,3954,3747,1383,1542,4183,5395,5355,5469,6591,6335,7025,7626,7819,7770,8246,5930,6182,6700,6775,5658],"text":["also includes some edible fruits including kiwifruit (\"Actinidia deliciosa\") persimmon (genus \"Diospyros\") blueberry huckleberry cranberry Brazil nut and Mamey sapote. The order also includes shea (\"Vitellaria paradoxa\") which is the major dietary lipid source for millions of sub-Saharan Africans. Many Ericales species are cultivated for their showy flowers: well-known examples","beings are seed-based foods. Edible seeds include cereals (corn wheat rice et cetera) legumes (beans peas lentils et cetera) and nuts. Oilseeds are often pressed to produce rich oils - sunflower flaxseed rapeseed (including canola oil) sesame et cetera. Seeds are typically high in unsaturated fats and in moderation are","to edible chemicals and extracts that alter the flavor of food and food products through the sense of smell. Due to the high cost or unavailability of natural flavor extracts most commercial flavorants are \"nature-identical\" which means that they are the chemical equivalent of natural flavors but chemically synthesized rather","genes that code for medicines or enzymes that process food and other substrates. Plants have been modified for insect protection herbicide resistance virus resistance enhanced nutrition tolerance to environmental pressures and the production of edible vaccines. Most commercialised GMOs are insect resistant or herbicide tolerant crop plants. Genetically modified animals","deer wild boar rabbit duck and mouflon (mountain sheep). Pheasant and capercaillie are protected game species that may not be hunted. The wooded areas also contain a wide variety of edible mushrooms such as chestnut mushrooms porcini and chanterelles along with wild berries such as blueberries cranberries raspberries and blackberries","family's portion being named Kitkitdizze. Snyder spent the summers of 1967 and 1968 with a group of Japanese back-to-the-land drop-outs known as \"the Tribe\" on Suwanosejima (a small Japanese island in the East China Sea) where they combed the beaches gathered edible plants and fished. On the island on August","a study in the monastery's experimental garden which was originally planted by Napp in 1830. Unlike Nestler who studied hereditary traits in sheep Mendel used common edible pea and started his experiments in 1856. After initial experiments with pea plants Mendel settled on studying seven traits that seemed to be","\"Cedrus deodara\" \"Abies excelsa\" \"Pinus longifolia\" \"Pinus pinaster\" Stone pine (the edible pine although this species is probably introduced since it is original to Spain and Portugal) and the larch. There is also the yew the hazel juniper walnut wild peach and almond. Growing under the shade of these are","with a frozen gas giant named Polarfrey and an \"astrological figure\" of \"Kasterborous the Fibster\". \"Cat's Cradle: Time's Crucible\" also mentions edible rodent-like mammals called tafelshrews. Few details on the history of the planet itself emerge from the original series run from 1963\u20131989. In \"The End of the World\" (2005)","edible portion. The pericarp may be described in three layers from outer to inner the \"epicarp\" \"mesocarp\" and \"endocarp\". Fruit that bears a prominent pointed terminal projection is said to be \"beaked\". A fruit results from maturation of one or more flowers and the gynoecium of the flower(s) forms all","an edible liquid that inhibits or kills bacteria and other microorganisms. Typical pickling agents include brine (high in salt) vinegar alcohol and vegetable oil. Many chemical pickling processes also involve heating or boiling so that the food being preserved becomes saturated with the pickling agent. Common chemically pickled foods include","non-soluble edible elements such as marshmallows or fruit. Some types of fresh fruit and their unprocessed juices are incompatible with gelatin desserts; see the Chemistry section below. When fully chilled the most common ratios of gelatin to liquid (as instructed on commercial packaging) usually result in a custard-like texture which","in some countries to add an edible school yard and garden classrooms to schools e.g. in Fergus Ontario where these were added to a public school to augment the kitchen classroom. Garden sharing where urban landowners allow gardeners to grow on their property in exchange for a share of the","Zambia criticized \"how the various international NGOs that have spoken approvingly of the government's action will square the body count with their various consciences.\" Concerning the decision of Zambia Greenpeace has stated that \"it was obvious to us that if no non-GM aid was being offered then they should absolutely","rainbow) metal objects (hammer ring) edible plants (sweet potato pea) and non-metallic objects (whistle ball). Many have a round shape or can be explained by the role they play in mythology. The Ket language has three genders (masculine feminine and neuter) and most gender assignment is based on semantics but","mixture of glucose and fructose. In principle cellulose could be hydrolysed to glucose but this process is not yet commercially practical. Glucose syrup also known as corn syrup is essentially a purified aqueous solution of saccharides obtained from edible starch that has a dextrose equivalency (DE) of 20 or more.","on the surface films of algae and bacteria. They also feed on diatoms filtered from the water through the gills and stir up the sediment at bottom of the pond ingesting edible fragments. They have a relatively long spiral-shaped gut to enable them to digest this diet. Some species are","some roses. Emission of gaseous and volatile alkanes such as ethane pentane and hexane by plants has also been documented at low levels though they are not generally considered to be a major component of biogenic air pollution. Edible vegetable oils also typically contain small fractions of biogenic alkanes with","edible leaves or roots are grown for just one year (and not grown on a second year to run to seed). Examples of biennial plants are members of the onion family including leek some members of the cabbage family common mullein parsley fennel \"Lunaria\" silverbeet Black-eyed Susan Sweet William colic","groups archaeological investigations and from early records from explorers encountering societies early in the period. The arrival of Paleoindians from Beringia took place between 20000 and 12000 years ago. Hunter-gatherer families were the main social structure from 10000 to 5000 years ago. The nomadic population lived in non-permanent structures foraging","In Chinese manuscripts gold camphor tortoise shells hornbill ivory rhinoceros horn crane crest beeswax lakawood (a scented heartwood and root wood of a thick liana \"Dalbergia parviflora\") dragon's blood rattan edible bird's nests and various spices were described as among the most valuable items from Borneo. The Indians named Borneo","beans provide one serving. Many edible beans including broad beans and soybeans contain oligosaccharides (particularly raffinose and stachyose) a type of sugar molecule also found in cabbage. An anti-oligosaccharide enzyme is necessary to properly digest these sugar molecules. As a normal human digestive tract does not contain any anti-oligosaccharide enzymes","\"dregs\") from the filtration process which may be dried and resold as \"brewers dried yeast\" for poultry feed or made into yeast extract which is used in brands such as Vegemite and Marmite. The process of turning the yeast sediment into edible yeast extract was discovered by German scientist Justus","try to maximize the number of berries consumed versus foliage. In autumn some bear species forage large amounts of naturally fermented fruits which affects their behaviour. Smaller bears climb trees to obtain mast (edible reproductive parts such as acorns). Such masts can be very important to the diets of these","transported to safety below the ground. Many ant-dispersed seeds have special external structures elaiosomes that are sought after by ants as food. A convergence possibly a form of mimicry is seen in the eggs of stick insects. They have an edible elaiosome-like structure and are taken into the ant nest","edible roots petioles and leaves respectively. Tomato sweet potato and bell pepper are tender perennials usually grown as annuals. Ornamental perennials commonly grown as annuals are impatiens wax begonia snapdragon \"Pelargonium\" coleus and petunia. Examples of true annuals include corn wheat rice lettuce peas watermelon beans zinnia and marigold. Summer","declare that injuring living things is not good and no animal should be sacrificed for slaughter. However he did not prohibit common cattle slaughter or beef eating. He imposed a ban on killing of \"all four-footed creatures that are neither useful nor edible\" and of specific animal species including several","tree produces large smooth almonds and offers 60\u201365% edible kernel per nut. The Tuono has thicker hairier shells and offers only 32% of edible kernel per nut but having a thick shell has advantages. The Tuono's shell protects the nut from threatening pests such as the navel orangeworm. ARS researchers","between the fields: a. Fructose is not the only sugar found in fruits. Glucose and sucrose are also found in varying quantities","big. As Gates is buying the shoes he holds up his discount card which uses a slightly altered version of his own mugshot of his arrest in New Mexico in 1977 for a traffic violation. As they are walking out of the mall Seinfeld asks Gates if he has melded","them. Alder roots are parasitized by northern groundcone. The catkins of some alder species have a degree of edibility and may be rich in protein. Reported to have a bitter and unpleasant taste they are more useful for survival purposes. The wood of certain alder species is often used to","in soups. In Vietnam it is called \"rau dền\" and is used to make soup. Two species are popular as edible vegetable in Vietnam: \"dền đỏ\"- \"Amaranthus tricolor\" and \"dền cơm\" or \"dền trắng\"- \"Amaranthus viridis\". A traditional food plant in Africa amaranth has the potential to improve nutrition boost","natural ecosystems. Ethnobotany is the study of the relationships between plants and people. When applied to the investigation of historical plant\u2013people relationships ethnobotany may be referred to as archaeobotany or palaeoethnobotany. Some of the earliest plant-people relationships arose between the indigenous people of Canada in identifying edible plants from inedible","edible flowers can be used in salads. Chives have insect-repelling properties that can be used in gardens to control pests. The plant provides a great deal of nectar for pollinators. It was rated in the top 10 for most nectar production (nectar per unit cover per year) in a UK","butter or bacon fat) prevent food from sticking to pans and create a desirable texture. Edible animal material including muscle offal milk eggs and egg whites contains substantial amounts of protein. Almost all vegetable matter (in particular legumes and seeds) also includes proteins although generally in smaller amounts. Mushrooms have","reported that the \"caymanas\" were edible but it was the turtles which attracted ships in search of fresh meat for their crews. Overfishing nearly extinguished the turtles from the local waters. Turtles were the main source for an economy on the islands. In 1787 Captain Hull of HMS Camilla estimated","sealife can be seen there. Some of the fish that can be seen in the waters around Crete include: scorpion fish dusky grouper east Atlantic peacock wrasse five-spotted wrasse weever fish common stingray brown ray mediterranean black goby pearly razorfish star-gazer painted comber damselfish and the flying gurnard. Common wildflowers","those with edible fruits were among the earliest cultivated plants in both the Old and New Worlds. The Cucurbitaceae family ranks among the highest of plant families for number and percentage of species used as human food. The Cucurbitaceae consist of 98 proposed genera with 975 species mainly in regions","edible but with an acidic taste that usually overwhelms its sweetness. Cranberries are a major commercial crop in certain American states and Canadian provinces (see cultivation and uses below). Most cranberries are processed into products such as juice sauce jam and sweetened dried cranberries with the remainder sold fresh to","the nets are pulled together the dolphins become entangled under water and drown. Line fisheries in larger rivers are threats to river dolphins. A greater threat than by-catch for small cetaceans is targeted hunting. In Southeast Asia they are sold as fish-replacement to locals since the region's edible fish promise","of the 16th century (by 1570 according to one source) where they were called \"Echinomelocactus\" later shortened to \"Melocactus\" by Joseph Pitton de Tourneville in the early 18th century. Cacti both purely ornamental species and those with edible fruit continued to arrive in Europe so Carl Linnaeus was able to","Edible items such as gingerbread chocolate and other sweets are also popular and are tied to or hung from the tree's branches with ribbons. In the Western Christian tradition Christmas trees are variously erected on days such as the first day of Advent or even as late as Christmas Eve","despite being still edible. Many retailers are reluctant to sell this stock at reduced prices because of the risks that people will buy it instead of the higher-priced newer stock that extra handling time is required and that there are liability risks. In the United Kingdom cookery books have been","trees produce edible red or purple fruits called \"cherries\" that are described either as epigynous berries or as indehiscent drupes. The cherries contain two seeds the so-called \"coffee beans\" which\u2014despite their name\u2014are not true beans. In about 5-10% of any crop of coffee cherries only a single bean rather than","all edible meats including offal chicken feet duck's tongue frog legs snake and snail. However lamb and goat are rarely eaten unlike in the cuisines of northern or western China. Many cooking methods are used with steaming and stir frying being the most favoured due to their convenience and rapidity.","Edible grains from other plant families such as buckwheat (Polygonaceae) quinoa (Amaranthaceae) and chia (Lamiaceae) are referred to as pseudocereals. In their natural form (as in \"whole grain\") cereals are a rich source of vitamins minerals carbohydrates fats oils and protein. When refined by the removal of the bran and","kuroshiensis\" an edible green alga cultivated worldwide and most expensive among green algae belongs to this group. Some members of the Chlorophyta form symbiotic relationships with protozoa sponges and cnidarians. Others form symbiotic relationships with fungi to form lichens. Species of Chlorophyta (treated as what is now considered one of","was mild good meat with no other sharply defined or highly characteristic taste such as for instance goat high game and pork have. The steak was slightly tougher than prime veal a little stringy but not too tough or stringy to be agreeably edible. The roast from which I cut"],"title":["Ericales","Food","Flavor","Genetic engineering","German cuisine","Gary Snyder","Gregor Mendel","Geography of Afghanistan","Gallifrey","Fruit","Food preservation","Gelatin dessert","Gardening","Greenpeace","Grammatical gender","Glucose","Amphibian","Alkane","Biennial plant","British Columbia","Borneo","Bean","Brewing","Bear","Ant","Annual plant","Ashoka","Almond","Biochemistry","Bill Gates","Alder","Amaranth","Botany","Chives","Cooking","History of the Cayman Islands","Crete","Cucurbitaceae","Cranberry","Cetacea","Cactus","Christmas tree","Dumpster diving","Coffea","Cantonese cuisine","Cereal","Chlorophyta","Human cannibalism"],"word":"edibl","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9320","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10646","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10591","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12383","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12485","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12710","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12562","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12681","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12550","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10843","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10834","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13162","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11984","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12233","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13068","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12950","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=621","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=639","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3417","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3392","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4518","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4487","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4410","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4400","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2594","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=777","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1239","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1064","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3954","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3747","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1383","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1542","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4183","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5395","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5355","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5469","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6591","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6335","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7626","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7819","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7770","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8246","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6182","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6700","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6775","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5658"]}
	{"docID":[1750],"text":["Andaman holds a population of feral elephants which were brought in for forest work by a timber company and released when the company went bankrupt. This population has been subject to research studies. Endemic or near endemic birds include The islands' many caves such as those at Chalis Ek are"],"title":["Andaman Islands"],"word":"ediblenest","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1750"]}
	{"docID":[2216],"text":["conducted numerous raids including one that culminated in the Siege of Lamitan and \"one at a coconut plantation called Golden Harvest; they took about 15 people captive there and later used bolo knives to hack the heads off two men. The number of hostages waxed and waned as some were"],"title":["Abu Sayyaf"],"word":"ediborah","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2216"]}
	{"docID":[11339],"text":["ECM<br> ECMA<br> e-commerce<br> Econet<br> ECOOP<br> ECP<br> ECRC<br> ECRC-Prolog<br> ECSL<br> ECSP<br> ECSS II<br> ECSSL<br> ed<br> EDA<br> e-ddress<br> Eden<br> EDF<br> EDI<br> EDIF<br> EDIFACT<br> Edinburgh Multi Access System<br> Edinburgh Prolog<br> Edinburgh SML<br> Edison<br> EDL<br> EDM<br> EdML<br> EDMS<br> EDO DRAM<br> EDO memory<br> EDO RAM<br> EDP<br> EDRAM<br> e-dress<br> EDS+<br> edu<br> edutainment<br> Edward Lorenz<br> Edward Yourdon<br>"],"title":["Wikipedia:Free On-line Dictionary of Computing/E - H"],"word":"edibr","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11339"]}
	{"docID":[9300],"text":["the widely recognised age for the base of the Cambrian Period 542± 0.3 Mya producing a misalignment as the end of the Edicarian Period should mark the start of the Cambrian Period. The fossil record from the Ediacaran Period is sparse as more easily fossilized hard-shelled animals had yet to"],"title":["Ediacaran"],"word":"edicarian","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9300"]}
	{"docID":[2384],"text":["power to issue edicts (\"jus edicendi\"). These edicts often pertained to matters such as the regulation of the public markets or what we might call \"economic regulation\". Livy suggests perhaps incorrectly that both Curule as well as Plebeian Aediles were sacrosanct. Although the curule aediles always ranked higher than the"],"title":["Aedile"],"word":"edicendi","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2384"]}
	{"docID":[2303,2425,2187,2384,2180,1767,1661,1921,4092,3986,4203,600,627,705,573,844,4333,4675,3225,2023,2030,4456,4611,4543,3354,3395,3408,1588,1256,1239,1078,1252,9316,9090,11259,11118,11110,12980,11023,10923,10886,11475,11543,13212,11824,11867,10126,10093,10100,9961,12466,12478,12482,12446,12677,10344,10495,10450,10286,10422,10186,10419,10331,8185,7610,7781,7236,7383,7104,5253,4971,5211,5321,4800,8580,8592,8693,6704,6822,6746,6728,6747,5882,5760,6208,6140],"text":["in holding their far-flung empire together for as long as they did\". In 1955 Richard Frye questioned the classification of Imperial Aramaic as an \"official language\" noting that no surviving edict expressly and unambiguously accorded that status to any particular language. Frye reclassifies Imperial Aramaic as the lingua franca of","took the change still further. Though the approach to faith of Akbar Jahangir and Shah Jahan was more syncretic than Babur the founder of the empire Aurangzeb's position is not so obvious. His emphasis on sharia competed or was directly in conflict with his insistence that \"zawabit\" or secular decrees","Jewish community) persuaded Sultan Abdülmecid I to issue a firman (edict) intended to halt the spread of blood libel accusations in the Ottoman Empire: ... and for the love we bear to our subjects we cannot permit the Jewish nation whose innocence for the crime alleged against them is evident","issue edicts (\"jus edicendi\"). These edicts often pertained to matters such as the regulation of the public markets or what we might call \"economic regulation\". Livy suggests perhaps incorrectly that both Curule as well as Plebeian Aediles were sacrosanct. Although the curule aediles always ranked higher than the plebeian their","of his power in 399. That same year on 13 July Arcadius issued an edict ordering that all remaining non-Christian temples should be immediately demolished. Eudoxia's influence was strongly opposed by John Chrysostom the Patriarch of Constantinople who felt that she had used her family's wealth to gain control over","his hero Julian for excessive attachment to (pagan) sacrifice and for his edict effectively barring Christians from teaching posts. While living in Rome in the 380s Ammianus wrote a Latin history of the Roman empire from the accession of Nerva (96) to the death of Valens at the Battle of","head. On 15 September of the same year Afonso V nullified all the laws and edicts approved under the regency. In the following year led by what were later discovered to be false accusations Afonso declared Peter a rebel and defeated his army in the Battle of Alfarrobeira in which","Bosnia in late 1995. At the same time al-Qaeda ideologues instructed the network's recruiters to look for \"Jihadi international\" Muslims who believed that extremist-\"jihad\" must be fought on a global level. The concept of a \"global Salafi \"jihad\"\" had been around since at least the early 1980s. Several groups had","efficient organization of the Roman Empire became the template for the organisation of the church in the 4th century particularly after Constantine's Edict of Milan. As the church moved from the shadows of privacy into the public forum it acquired land for churches burials and clergy. In 391 Theodosius I","France was Honoré Gabriel Riqueti comte de Mirabeau\u2014a French Revolutionary writer orator and statesman who in early 1791 would be elected president of the National Assembly. In July 1784 Franklin met with Mirabeau and contributed anonymous materials that the Frenchman used in his first signed work: \"Considerations sur l'ordre de","that time the most tolerant state in Europe. He had not resided there long when an edict appeared (August 8 1564) banishing all foreign dissidents. Fleeing the country he encountered the plague at Pińczów; three of his four children were carried off; and he himself worn out by misfortune died","the Reformation and Counter-Reformation. With the passage of time the co-title to Andorra passed to the kings of Navarre. After Henry of Navarre became King Henry IV of France he issued an edict in 1607 that established the head of the French state and the Bishop of Urgell as Co-Princes","as a nation state due to the many benefits and resources the Nile provided. The Chinese imperial court issued numerous edicts stating: \"Agriculture is the foundation of this Empire.\" Egyptian Mesopotamian Chinese and Inca Emperors themselves plowed ceremonial fields in order to show personal example to everyone. Ancient strategists Chinese","the country. Even though it's not up to him/her to make laws (only to promulgate them and make edicts) the President is the leader of the winning party. The only \"relevant\" post that is not directly appointed by the President is the Vice-President which is the second in the winning","philosophical debate to an exposed social commentary on the alchemists themselves. Dante Piers Plowman and Chaucer all painted unflattering pictures of alchemists as thieves and liars. Pope John XXII's 1317 edict \"Spondent quas non exhibent\" forbade the false promises of transmutation made by pseudo-alchemists. In 1403 Henry IV of England","1970 and 1980 Amsterdam experienced its sharpest population decline ever and by 1985 the city had only 675570 residents. This was soon followed by reurbanisation and gentrification however leading to renewed population growth in the 2010s. The municipal department for Research Information and Statistics expects a new record population to","devotion to his God his enemies trick the king into issuing an edict forbidding worship of any other god or man for a 30-day period. Daniel continues to pray three times a day to God towards Jerusalem; he is accused and King Darius forced by his own decree throws Daniel","Prehistoric sites in the Sahara Desert between 1963 and 1997. Other fieldwork collections have recently come from Dietrich and Rosemarie Klemm (University of Munich) and William Adams (University of Kentucky). The seven permanent Egyptian galleries at the British Museum which include its largest exhibition space (Room 4 for monumental sculpture)","party and to purge the theological atmosphere of uncertainty. To clear up the misunderstandings that had arisen in the course of the previous years an attempt was made to determine still further the significance of the Nicene formularies. In the meanwhile Julian who seems to have become suddenly jealous of","ending was added to the play some fifty years later: Antigone and Ismene mourn their dead brothers a messenger enters announcing an edict prohibiting the burial of Polynices; and finally Antigone declares her intention to defy this edict. The play was the third in a connected Oedipus trilogy; the first","Gentleman\". Augustine's family name Aurelius suggests that his father's ancestors were freedmen of the \"gens Aurelia\" given full Roman citizenship by the Edict of Caracalla in 212. Augustine's family had been Roman from a legal standpoint for at least a century when he was born. It is assumed that his","538 BC the famous Edict of Cyrus was released and the first return took place under Sheshbazzar. After the death of Cyrus in 530 BC Darius consolidated power and took office in 522 BC. His system divided the different colonies of the empire into easily manageable districts overseen by governors. Zerubbabel comes into","border and entered Kabul stayed in a guest house and attacked Professor Rabbani\". In 2011 just days before he died Rabbani was trying to persuade Islamic scholars to issue a religious edict banning suicide bombings. The former president's 29-year-old daughter said in an interview that her father died shortly after","Europe. The countries with large and prosperous pastel industries tried to block the use of indigo. The German government outlawed the use of indigo in 1577 describing it as a \"pernicious deceitful and corrosive substance the Devil's dye.\" In France Henry IV in an edict of 1609 forbade under pain","or destroyed and the city lost half of its population. Frederick William known as the \"Great Elector\" who had succeeded his father George William as ruler in 1640 initiated a policy of promoting immigration and religious tolerance. With the Edict of Potsdam in 1685 Frederick William offered asylum to the","records about Gautama were found from his lifetime or some centuries thereafter. One Edict of Asoka who reigned from circa 269 BCE to 232 BCE commemorates the Emperor's pilgrimage to the Buddha's birthplace in Lumbini. Another one of his edicts mentions the titles of several \"Dhamma\" texts establishing the existence","writing or show him any favour or stay with him under the same roof or within four ells of him or read anything composed or written by him. The Talmud Torah congregation issued censure routinely on matters great and small so such an edict was not unusual. The language of","in the Edicts of Ashoka as one of several rulers in the West to receive the \"religious emissionaries\" of the third Indian Emperor of the Maruya-dynasty Ashoka around 250 BCE. However Alexander of Corinth and Alexander Seleucid vicegerent at Sardis have more arguments","philosophers teachers of literature rhetoricians and physicians were explicitly exempted from any duties involving private spending for civic purposes \u2013 a privilege granted by Hadrian that Antoninus confirmed by means of an edict preserved in the Digest (27.1.6.8). Antoninus also created a chair for the teaching of rhetoric in Athens.","and a lion separated by intervening spoked chariot-wheels over a bell-shaped lotus. Carved out of a single block of polished sandstone the capital was believed to be crowned by a 'Wheel of Dharma' (Dharmachakra popularly known in India as the \"Ashoka Chakra\"). The Sarnath pillar bears one of the Edicts","Roman Empire. By that ratio if other factors such as pogroms and conversions had not intervened there would be 200 million Jews in the world today instead of something like 13 million.\" In the late 6th century CE the newly Catholicised Visigothic kingdom in Hispania issued a series of anti-Jewish","the leader of the rather small Nicene community there an act which provoked rioting. Theodosius had just been baptized by bishop Acholius of Thessalonica during a severe illness as was common in the early Christian world. In February he and Gratian had published an edict that all their subjects should","to date Adrian IV; while saints Bede and Anselm are regarded as Doctors of the Church. A form of Protestantism known as Methodism is the third largest Christian practice and grew out of Anglicanism through John Wesley. It gained popularity in the mill towns of Lancashire and Yorkshire and amongst","Reform Edict of 1856 (Hatt-i Humayan) was issued building upon the 1839 edict. It came about partly as a result of pressure from and the efforts of the ambassadors of Great Britain France and Austria whose respective countries were needed as allies in the Crimean War. It again proclaimed the","is unclear why the pyramids were added to the fatwa because they are tombs of pharaohs and not statues or idols. In 2012 Abdul-Azeez ibn Abdullaah Aal ash-Shaikh the Grand Mufti of Saudi Arabia issued a religious edict prohibiting contact and cooperation with foreign media outlets because they seek to","was ended\". Christianity was illegal in the empire until the emperors Constantine and Licinius agreed in 313 to what became known as the Edict of Milan. However Nicene Christianity did not become the state religion of the Roman Empire until the Edict of Thessalonica in 380. In the mean time","in parts of southern Italy after the Council of Bari in 1098 and at Paris seemingly not even by 1240 34 years before the Second Council of Lyon defined that the Holy Spirit \"proceeds eternally from the Father and from the Son not as from two principles but from a","high production quota. Immediately after the German attack on the Soviet Union in June 1941 the conditions in camps worsened drastically: quotas were increased rations cut and medical supplies came close to none all of which led to a sharp increase in mortality. The situation slowly improved in the final","Honorius should retire to some small island he returned the favor by banishing Attalus to the island of Lipara. Northeastern Gaul became subject to even greater Frankish influence while a treaty signed in 418 granted to the Visigoths southwestern Gaul the former Gallia Aquitania. Under the influence of Constantius Honorius","the \"Edict of Fontainebleau\" there. Also known as the \"Revocation of the Edict of Nantes\" this royal fiat reversed the permission granted to the Huguenots in 1598 to worship publicly in specified locations and hold certain other privileges. The result was that a large number of Protestants were forced to","and in some periods were limited to them by various anti-gaming edicts or even banned altogether. Stein and Rubino among others ultimately trace aspects of these games both to rituals in antiquity involving orbs and sceptres (on the aristocratic and clerical side) and to ancient military training exercises (on the","in 1339. In 1424 Pope Martin V through the Betancuria Brief edicted the establishment of the Bishopric of Fuerteventura which encompassed all the Canary Islands save for the island of Lanzarote. The origin of this bishopric is directly related to the events that occurred after the Great Schism (1378-1417) in","when on the revocation of the Edict of Nantes in 1685 the authorities took steps to have him educated in the Roman Catholic faith his mother contrived his escape. For two years his brother and he lived as fugitives in the mountains of the Cévennes but they at last reached","an Eastern part with the capital in Byzantium or Constantinople (now Istanbul). Whereas Diocletian severely persecuted Christianity Constantine declared an official end to state-sponsored persecution of Christians in 313 with the Edict of Milan thus setting the stage for the Church to become the state church of the Roman Empire","February 1832 Frederick Augustus brought Free Autonomy to the cities. Also by an edict of 17 March of that year the farmers were freed from the corvée and hereditary submission. On 6 June 1836 King Anton died and Frederick Augustus succeeded him. As an intelligent man he was quickly popular","Hanseatic League which included mostly north German cities and towns prospered in the expansion of trade. In the south the Greater Ravensburg Trade Corporation (\"Große Ravensburger Handelsgesellschaft\") served a similar function. The edict of the Golden Bull issued in 1356 by Emperor Charles IV provided the basic constitutional structure of","and their officials stayed put. Indeed there was a steady stream of edicts issued from 771 right through the period of Kūkai's studies which for instance sought to limit the number of Buddhist priests and the building of temples. However the move was to prove disastrous and was followed by","Eurostar planned to make Ebbsfleet the new regional hub instead. However after a period during which no Brussels trains served the station to the dissatisfaction of the local communities on 23 February 2009 Eurostar re-introduced a single daily Ashford-Brussels service. In 2015 Eurostar threatened to require that cyclists dismantle bicycles","This drift induced Pope Gregory XIII to create a modern Gregorian calendar. The Pope wanted to continue to conform with the edicts concerning the date of Easter of the Council of Nicaea of AD 325 which means he wanted to move the vernal equinox to the date on which it","believers and saints. Jews were expelled from Rome because of disturbances around AD 49 by the edict of Claudius. Fitzmyer claims that both Jews and Jewish Christians were expelled as a result of their infighting. Claudius died around the year AD 54 and his successor Emperor Nero allowed the Jews","then in the preliminary stages of joining the War of the Grand Alliance against France in a context of international tensions caused by the revocation by Louis XIV of the Edict of Nantes and the disputed succession of Cologne and the Electorate of the Palatinate. William had already acquired the","\"delatores\" or informers. When Rome had received word of Germanicus' death the people began observing a \"iustitium\" before the Senate had officially declared it. Tacitus says this shows the true grief that the people of Rome felt and this also shows that by this time the people already knew the","it also displeased more moderate men especially Erasmus. The edict against the reformer which was finally adopted by the emperor and the diet was drawn up and proposed by Aleandro. After the close of the Diet the papal nuncio went to the Netherlands where he instigated the executions of two","from secondary sources. In addition Anglo-Saxon women like those of other Germanic tribes are marked as women from the age of twelve onward based on archaeological finds implying that the age of marriage coincided with puberty. Generally there were two forms of marriage among the Germanic peoples one involving the","along with Septimius Severus Diocletian and Constantine I. The capture of Valerian in the year 259 forced Gallienus to issue the","inclusion of 2 Greek and Aramaic ones alongside the court language of the Mauryans. Inscriptions made by the Mauryan Emperor Ashoka a fragment of Edict 13 in Greek as well as a full Edict written in both Greek and Aramaic has been discovered in Kandahar. It is said to be","general amnesty for the wrongfully accused in keeping with Chinese practices. Emperor Uda also issued edicts reinforcing peasant land rights from encroachment by powerful families in the capital or monastic institutions while auditing tax collections made in the provinces. Emperor Uda stopped the practice of sending ambassadors to China (\"ken-toh-shi\"","he was away on business in Tsukushi province his younger brother accommodated the imperial edict on his behalf and sent two younger brothers as carriers of these treasures to show the emperor. When Furune returned he was inconsolably angered for having parted with the treasures and slew him with the","the economy. In 1970 this number had risen to 38% and in 1982 to 46%. During the Cultural and Ideological Revolution (discussed below) women were encouraged to take up \"all\" jobs including government posts which resulted in 40.7% of the People's Councils and 30.4% of the People's Assembly being made","the Taika Reform edicts. He was a descendant of Emperor Bidatsu. He was a son of Chinu no ōkimi (Prince Chinu 茅渟王) by Kibitsuhime no ōkimi (Princess Kibitsuhime 吉備姫王). Empress Kōgyoku was his elder sister from the same parents. Chinu was a son of Prince Oshisaka hikohito no ōe whose","is a part of the Holy Tradition. By tradition the Orthodox Church when faced with issues that are larger than a single bishop can resolve holds a local council. The bishops and such others as may attend convene (as St. Paul called the Corinthians to do) to seek the \"mind","by the issuance of the Flourishing Three Treasures Edict in 594. Suiko was also one of the first Buddhist monarchs in Japan and had taken the vows of a nun shortly before becoming empress. The reign of this empress was marked by the opening of relations with the Sui court","Egypt and in the third and fourth centuries AD edicts by Christian emperors and iconoclasm by local Christians eroded traditional beliefs. While it persisted among the populace for some time Egyptian religion slowly faded away. Egyptian religion produced the temples and tombs which are ancient Egypt's most enduring monuments but","their religion. This was one of the many edicts put forth by Iemitsu between 1633 and 1639 moderating contact between Japan and other countries. However in response to the uprising of the predominantly Christian population in the Shimabara-Amakusa region the Tokugawa government decided to expel the Portuguese. Since 1609 the","26). Theodosius I Emperor from 379 to 395 declared \"Catholic\" Christianity the official religion of the Roman Empire declaring in the Edict of Thessalonica of 27 February 380: It is our desire that all the various nations which are subject to our clemency and moderation should continue the profession of","the peripheral areas that do not fall within one of the sub-zone classifications. Wines produced from these vineyards are labelled simply \"Chianti\". The original area dictated by the edict of Cosimo III de' Medici would eventually be considered the heart of the modern \"Chianti Classico\" subregion. there were of vineyards","removed penalties for professing Christianity under which many had been martyred previously and returned confiscated Church property. The edict protected from religious persecution not only Christians but all religions allowing anyone to worship whichever deity they chose. A similar edict had been issued in 311 by Galerius then senior emperor","of the Diocese of Egypt steadfastly resisted Cyril's ecclesiastical encroachment onto secular prerogatives. Tension between the parties increased when in 415 Orestes published an edict that outlined new regulations regarding mime shows and dancing exhibitions in the city which attracted large crowds and were commonly prone to civil disorder of","Commandment\u2014\"thou shalt not kill\"\u2014seemed insoluble and hence stood as one of the main objections against the procedure. Williams maintained that because the subject of inoculation could not be found in the Bible it was not the will of God and therefore \"unlawful.\" He explained that inoculation violated The Golden Rule","in the east by the \"Ecloga\" of Leo III the Isaurian (740) and the \"Basilica\" of Basil I (878). The \"Edicts of Ashoka\" established constitutional principles for the 3rd century BC Maurya king's rule in Ancient India. For constitutional principles almost lost to antiquity see the code of Manu. Many","religious wars in France following the revocation of the Edict of Nantes they were settled at Stellenbosch Drakenstein Franschhoek and Paarl. The influence of this small body of immigrants on the character of the Dutch settlers was marked. The Company in 1701 directed that only Dutch should be taught in","entirely new religion in Armenia. It penetrated into the country from at least the third century but may have been present even earlier. State persecution ceased in the 4th century when Constantine I issued an edict of toleration in 313. On 27 February 380 Emperor Theodosius I enacted a law establishing","part of the Empire from 1002 till 1806 with the exception of the years 1440\u20131526. In 1212 King Přemysl Ottokar I (bearing the title \"king\" from 1198) extracted the Golden Bull of Sicily (a formal edict) from the emperor confirming Ottokar and his descendants' royal status; the Duchy of Bohemia","the last Minbari-Shadow war. Inferring that others of their species had been and were continuing to be reborn as humans and in obedience to the edict that Minbari do not kill one another lest they harm the soul they stopped the war just as Earth's final defenses were on the","to the pound; the \"radiatus\" a small copper coin struck at the rate of 108 to the pound with no added silver; and a coin known today as the \"laureatus\" B a smaller copper coin struck at the rate of 192 to the pound. Since the nominal values of these","people as a cultural and moral authority. To usher in the new era he embarked on ambitious economic military and cultural programs with the intention of restoring the Empire to the splendour it had seen under the Emperor Augustus. Despite these grand designs Domitian was determined to govern the Empire","Diet to insist both that the Edict of Worms be executed and that action be taken promptly against Luther. This demand however was coupled with a promise of thorough reform in the Roman hierarchy frankly admitting the partial guilt of the Vatican in the decline of the Church. In the","gradually became a defining institution of the Empire. Emperor Constantine issued the Edict of Milan in 313 proclaiming toleration for the Christian religion and convoked the First Council of Nicaea in 325 whose Nicene Creed included belief in \"one holy catholic and apostolic Church\". Emperor Theodosius I made Nicene Christianity","the rest of Hispania Latin law was granted to all cities under the reign of Vespasian (69-79 AD) while Roman citizenship was granted to all free men of the empire by the Edict of Caracalla in 212 AD (Tarraco the capital was already a colony of Roman law since 45","the malcontents whom he pressed to conform emerged victorious\" writes the historian A.H.M. Jones. \"The great councils of 359\u201360 are therefore not reckoned ecumenical in the tradition of the church and Constantius II is not remembered as a restorer of unity but as a heretic who arbitrarily imposed his will","reasons but he was often unable to exert much influence. In the Edict of Expulsion King Edward I expelled all the Jews from England in 1290 (only after ransoming some 3000 among the most wealthy of them) on the accusation of usury and undermining loyalty to the dynasty. In 1306","military emergency possibly to repel the Picts and Scots. Regarding religion Constans was tolerant of Judaism and promulgated an edict banning pagan sacrifices in 341. He suppressed Donatism in Africa and supported Nicene orthodoxy against Arianism which was championed by his brother Constantius. Although Constans called the Council of Sardica","in the area. Since 1922 Cardiff has included the suburban cathedral 'village' of Llandaff whose bishop is also Archbishop of Wales since 2002. There is also a Roman Catholic cathedral in the city. Since 1916 Cardiff has been the seat of a Catholic archbishop but there appears to have been","Song and Yuan dynasties were less emphasized. Neo-feudal landholdings of the Song and Mongol periods were expropriated by the Ming rulers. Land estates were confiscated by the government fragmented and rented out. Private slavery was forbidden. Consequently after the death of the Yongle Emperor independent peasant landholders predominated in Chinese","the revocation of the Edict of Nantes and became pastor of the French Protestant community in Berlin. Ancillon studied law at Marburg Geneva and Paris where he was called to the bar. At the request of the Huguenots at Metz he pleaded its cause at the court of King Louis","he presided at public trials and issued up to twenty edicts a day. He was seen as vulnerable throughout his reign particularly by elements of the nobility. Claudius was constantly forced to shore up his position; this resulted in the deaths of many senators. These events damaged his reputation among"],"title":["Aramaic language","Aurangzeb","Antisemitism in the Arab world","Aedile","Arcadius","Ammianus Marcellinus","Afonso V of Portugal","Al-Qaeda","Bishop","Benjamin Franklin","Bernardino Ochino","Andorra","Agriculture","Politics of Angola","Alchemy","Amsterdam","Book of Daniel","British Museum","Athanasius of Alexandria","Aeschylus","Augustine of Hippo","Book of Zechariah","Burhanuddin Rabbani","Blue","Berlin","Gautama Buddha","Baruch Spinoza","Alexander II of Epirus","Antoninus Pius","Ashoka","Antisemitism","Arianism","England","Dhimmi","Fatwa","First Council of Nicaea","Filioque","Gulag","Honorius (emperor)","Fontainebleau","Field hockey","Fuerteventura","Firmin Abauzit","History of Europe","Frederick Augustus II of Saxony","Germany","Emperor Kanmu","Eurostar","Equinox","Epistle to the Romans","Glorious Revolution","Germanicus","Girolamo Aleandro","Germanic peoples","Gallienus","Ancient history of Afghanistan","Emperor Uda","Emperor Sujin","Enver Hoxha","Emperor Kōtoku","Eastern Orthodox Church","Empress Suiko","Ancient Egyptian religion","Dejima","Catholic (term)","Chianti","Constantine the Great","Cyril of Alexandria","Cotton Mather","Constitution","Boer","Christianity","Czech Republic","Babylon 5","Diocletian","Domitian","Diet of Nuremberg","Christendom","Catalonia","Constantius II","Christianity and antisemitism","Constans","Cardiff","History of China","Charles Ancillon","Claudius"],"word":"edict","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2303","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2425","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2187","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2384","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2180","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1767","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1661","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1921","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4092","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3986","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4203","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=600","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=627","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=705","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=573","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=844","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4333","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4675","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3225","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2023","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2030","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4456","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4611","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4543","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3354","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3395","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3408","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1588","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1256","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1239","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1078","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1252","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9316","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9090","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11259","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11118","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11110","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12980","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11023","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10923","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10886","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11475","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11543","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13212","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11824","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11867","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10126","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10093","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10100","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9961","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12466","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12478","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12482","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12446","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12677","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10344","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10495","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10450","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10286","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10422","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10186","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10419","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10331","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8185","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7610","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7781","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7236","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7383","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7104","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5253","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4971","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5211","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5321","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4800","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8580","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8592","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8693","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6704","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6822","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6746","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6728","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6747","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5760","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6208","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6140"]}
	{"docID":[5253],"text":["orders such as the imperial enactments (\"constitutiones principis\": edicta mandata decreta rescripta). Later the term was widely used in canon law for an important determination especially a decree issued by the Pope now referred to as an \"apostolic constitution\". Generally every modern written constitution confers specific powers to an organization"],"title":["Constitution"],"word":"edicta","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5253"]}
	{"docID":[5253,8580],"text":["king of the Visigoths adopted and consolidated the \"Codex Theodosianus\" together with assorted earlier Roman laws. Systems that appeared somewhat later include the \"Edictum Rothari\" of the Lombards (643) the \"Lex Visigothorum\" (654) the \"Lex Alamannorum\" (730) and the \"Lex Frisionum\" (\"ca\" 785). These continental codes were all composed in","their intrinsic worth as metals the state was minting these coins at a loss. This practice could be sustained only by requisitioning precious metals from private citizens in exchange for state-minted coin (of a far lower value than the price of the precious metals requisitioned). By 301 however the system"],"title":["Constitution","Diocletian"],"word":"edictum","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5253","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8580"]}
	{"docID":[7810],"text":["the Aedicule (Edicule). The \"Status Quo\" a 150-year old understanding between religious communities applies to the site. Within the church proper are the last four (or by some definitions five) Stations of the Via Dolorosa representing the final episodes of Jesus' Passion. The church has been a major Christian pilgrimage"],"title":["Church of the Holy Sepulchre"],"word":"edicul","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7810"]}
	{"docID":[308],"text":["to Aristotle's lost works are technical philosophical treatises from within Aristotle's school. Reference to them is made according to the organization of Immanuel Bekker's Royal Prussian Academy edition (\"Aristotelis Opera edidit Academia Regia Borussica\" Berlin 1831\u20131870) which in turn is based on ancient classifications of these works. The Aristotle Mountains"],"title":["Aristotle"],"word":"edidit","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=308"]}
	{"docID":[4563],"text":["to use the alternative plan. The coded signal \"31 May G.G.2490\" was transmitted to the ships of the fleet to inform them the Skagerrak attack would start on 31 May. The pre-arranged signal to the waiting submarines was transmitted throughout the day from the E-Dienst radio station at Brugge and"],"title":["Battle of Jutland"],"word":"edienst","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4563"]}
	{"docID":[700,2084,8489,6051,5391,10358,11404,10522],"text":["contribute to Brockhaus'[s] reputation.\" He kept large portraits of the pair in his office in Leipzig for the edification of his new editors. In 1814 Schopenhauer began his seminal work \"The World as Will and Representation\" (\"Die Welt als Wille und Vorstellung\"). He finished it in 1818 and Brockhaus published","encourage faith\u2014\"what happened and what does it all mean?\" Acts (or Luke\u2013Acts) is intended as a work of \"edification.\" Edification means \"the empirical demonstration that virtue is superior to vice\" but is not all of Luke's purpose. He also engages with the question of a Christian's proper relationship with the","inferior status to which the deuterocanonical books were relegated by authorities like Jerome is seen by some as being due to a rigid conception of canonicity one demanding that a book to be entitled to this supreme dignity must be received by all must have the sanction of Jewish antiquity","Aedile was the supervisor of public works; the words \"edifice\" and \"edification\" stem from the same root. He oversaw the public works temples and markets. Therefore the Aediles would have been in some cooperation with the current Censors who had similar or related duties. Also they oversaw the organization of","and edification. However in a world of intensifying globalization all cities are in different degree also connected globally beyond these regions. The most populated city proper is Shanghai while the largest metropolitan areas also include the Greater Tokyo Area and Jabodetabek (Jakarta). The cities of Faiyum Damascus and Varanasi are","were works of practical theology for the edification of the church in troubled times. So popular were his works that for centuries after his death Christian authors wrote hundreds of pseudepigraphal works in his name. He has been called the most significant of all of the fathers of the Syriac-speaking","call\" at all times to hear evidence and decide whether or not to issue a warrant. A heavily redacted version of a 2008 appeal by Yahoo! of an order issued with respect to NSA's PRISM program had been published for the edification of other potential appellants. The identity of the","sharing and other techniques an individual vendor could not. By 2000 almost no major vendor produced its own EDIF"],"title":["Arthur Schopenhauer","Acts of the Apostles","Deuterocanonical books","Cursus honorum","City","Ephrem the Syrian","United States Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court","EDIF"],"word":"edif","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=700","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2084","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8489","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6051","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5391","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10358","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11404","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10522"]}
	{"docID":[9790],"text":["X12 EDIFACT ODETTE etc.) some of which address the needs of specific industries or regions. It also refers specifically to a family of standards. In 1996 the National Institute of Standards and Technology defined electronic data interchange as \"the computer-to-computer interchange of strictly formatted messages that represent documents other than"],"title":["Electronic data interchange"],"word":"edifact","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9790"]}
	{"docID":[11339],"text":["e-commerce<br> Econet<br> ECOOP<br> ECP<br> ECRC<br> ECRC-Prolog<br> ECSL<br> ECSP<br> ECSS II<br> ECSSL<br> ed<br> EDA<br> e-ddress<br> Eden<br> EDF<br> EDI<br> EDIF<br> EDIFACT<br> Edinburgh Multi Access System<br> Edinburgh Prolog<br> Edinburgh SML<br> Edison<br> EDL<br> EDM<br> EdML<br> EDMS<br> EDO DRAM<br> EDO memory<br> EDO RAM<br> EDP<br> EDRAM<br> e-dress<br> EDS+<br> edu<br> edutainment<br> Edward Lorenz<br> Edward Yourdon<br> ee<br> EEMA<br>"],"title":["Wikipedia:Free On-line Dictionary of Computing/E - H"],"word":"edifactbr","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11339"]}
	{"docID":[11327,11339],"text":["store<br> back link<br> backoff<br> BackOffice<br> back-propagation<br> back quote<br> backside cache<br> backslash<br> backtick<br> backtracking<br> backup<br> backup pumpkin<br> Backus-Naur Form<br> Backus Normal Form<br> backward analysis<br> backward chaining<br> backward compatibility<br> backward compatible<br> backwards compatibility<br> backwards compatible<br> BAD<br> Bad command or file name<br> Bad Thing<br> bag on the side<br> BAL<br> balanced computing<br> balanced tree<br>","ECMA<br> e-commerce<br> Econet<br> ECOOP<br> ECP<br> ECRC<br> ECRC-Prolog<br> ECSL<br> ECSP<br> ECSS II<br> ECSSL<br> ed<br> EDA<br> e-ddress<br> Eden<br> EDF<br> EDI<br> EDIF<br> EDIFACT<br> Edinburgh Multi Access System<br> Edinburgh Prolog<br> Edinburgh SML<br> Edison<br> EDL<br> EDM<br> EdML<br> EDMS<br> EDO DRAM<br> EDO memory<br> EDO RAM<br> EDP<br> EDRAM<br> e-dress<br> EDS+<br> edu<br> edutainment<br> Edward Lorenz<br> Edward Yourdon<br> ee<br>"],"title":["Wikipedia:Free On-line Dictionary of Computing/symbols - B","Wikipedia:Free On-line Dictionary of Computing/E - H"],"word":"edifbr","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11327","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11339"]}
	{"docID":[9137,1575,3845],"text":["powers of a king was written to edify his four-year-old son Henry Frederick that a king \"acknowledgeth himself ordained for his people having received from the God a burden of government whereof he must be countable\". James I based his theories in part on his understanding of the Bible. James's","the queen's answer reveals her determination not to let the wound opened by the killing of her father be healed through a ritual act thus openly displaying her thirst for revenge. The episode is read in a radically different way by Walter Goffart. According to him the whole story assumes","express many things I felt were in her. Brigitte always gave the impression of sexual freedom - she is a completely open and free person without any aggression. So I gave her the part of a man - that amused me. \"If \"Don Juan\" is not my last movie it"],"title":["Divine right of kings","Alboin","Brigitte Bardot"],"word":"edifi","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9137","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1575","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3845"]}
	{"docID":[4157,2384,1686,1687,4484,1078,1273,3450,3385,2076,2064,9232,11525,9693,9658,10683,10286,12537,5416,5428,6051,7592,7810,7768,6920,8041,7923,6325,5580,8258,4849,5215],"text":["mainly from Moses Brown and John Brown the parcels having \"formed a part of the original home lots of their ancestor Chad Brown and of George Rickard who bought them from the Indians.\" University Hall was known as \"The College Edifice\" until 1823; it was modelled on Nassau Hall at","\"temple edifice\") was an office of the Roman Republic. Based in Rome the aediles were responsible for maintenance of public buildings (\"aedēs\") and regulation of public festivals. They also had powers to enforce public order. There were two pairs of aediles: the first were the \"plebeian aediles\" (Latin \"aediles plebis\")","patron of the arts. He founded the Academy of Naples under Giovanni Pontano and for his entrance into the city in 1443 had a magnificent triumphal arch added to the main gate of Castel Nuovo. The edifice was designed by Francesco Laurana. Alfonso was particularly attracted to classical literature. He","by a victory there over Isaac Comnenus in 1191. The tombs were plundered and the stones from the beautiful edifices were brought to Limassol to be used for new constructions. Much later in 1869 a great number of blocks of stone from Amathus were used for the construction of the","City of London and can be viewed by the public. The Bank moved to its current location in Threadneedle Street in 1734 and thereafter slowly acquired neighbouring land to create the edifice seen today. Sir Herbert Baker's rebuilding of the Bank demolishing most of Sir John Soane's earlier building was","practising Judaism or Jewish customs. Although the origins of antisemitism are rooted in the Judeo-Christian conflict other forms of antisemitism have developed in modern times. Frederick Schweitzer asserts that \"most scholars ignore the Christian foundation on which the modern antisemitic edifice rests and invoke political antisemitism cultural antisemitism racism or","The cult of \"Divus Augustus\" continued until the state religion of the Empire was changed to Christianity in 391 by Theodosius I. Consequently there are many excellent statues and busts of the first emperor. He had composed an account of his achievements the \"Res Gestae Divi Augusti\" to be inscribed","main landmarks include numerous edifices built throughout the Ottoman period. Bursa also has thermal baths and several museums including a museum of archaeology. The shadow play characters Karagöz and Hacivat are based on historic personalities who lived and died in Bursa. Bursa is also home to some of the most","am Harmersbach. Baiersbronn is a centre of gastronomic excellence Freudenstadt is built around the largest market place in Germany. Gersbach's floral displays have won awards as the German Golden Village of 2004 and the European Golden Village of 2007. Noted for their fine interiors are the former monastery of St.","Agrippa respectively. Eumenes was also responsible for constructing a stoa on the South slope not unlike that of Attalos in the Agora below. During the Julio-Claudian period the Temple of Rome and Augustus a small round edifice about 23 meters from the Parthenon was to be the last significant ancient","Canova's piety. The building's design was inspired by combining the Parthenon and the Pantheon together. On 11 July 1819 Canova laid the foundation stone dressed in red Papal uniform and decorated with all his medals. It first opened in 1830 and was finally completed in 1836. After the foundation-stone of","it was published by \"Le Temps\" on 14 February 1887: Gustave Eiffel responded to these criticisms by comparing his tower to the Egyptian pyramids: \"My tower will be the tallest edifice ever erected by man. Will it not also be grandiose in its way? And why would something admirable in","\"Palazzo del Popolo\" \"Palazzo dei Priori\" and \"Palazzo Ducale\" in accordance with the varying use of the palace during its long history. The building acquired its current name when the Medici duke's residence was moved across the Arno to the Palazzo Pitti. It is linked to the Uffizi and the","church edifice of independent bishops in a 1996\u20131998 New York City building architecture survey of religious communities which maintain bishops claiming apostolic succession and claim cathedral status but noted there \"are now literally hundreds of these \" of lesser or greater spiritual probity. They seem to have a tendency to","situation accurately as to create a \"perfect building\" of medieval style: \"to restore an edifice\" he observed in the \"Dictionnaire raisonné\" \"is not to maintain it repair or rebuild it but to re-establish it in a complete state that may never have existed at a particular moment\". The idea and","designed the Larkin Administration Building (completed in 1904 demolished in 1950.) Other early notable public buildings include The Hillside Home School built for his aunts in Spring Green Wisconsin (1902) and the Unity Temple home of the Unitarian Universalist congregation in Oak Park. As a lifelong Unitarian and member of","the transition to capitalism in 1992 Hoxha's legacy diminished so that by the early 21st century very little of it was still in place in Albania. The surname \"Hoxha\" is the Albanian variant of Hodja (from ) a title given to his ancestors due to their efforts to teach Albanians","a famous poem composed by Su Shi after a visit during the Northern Song. The Xilai Monastery was renamed the Hualin Temple (\"Flowery Forest Temple\") after its reconstruction during the Qing. The temples were damaged by both the Republican campaign to \"Promote Education with Temple Property\" () and the Maoist","capitalism requires continual economic growth and that it will inevitably deplete the finite natural resources of Earth and cause mass extinctions of animal and plant life. Such critics argue that while this neoliberalism or contemporary capitalism has indeed increased global trade it has also destroyed traditional ways of life exacerbated","against Champa in a successful campaign. During his nearly forty years in power he becomes the most prolific monument builder who establishes the city of Angkor Thom with its central temple the Bayon. Further outstanding works are attributed to him - Banteay Kdei Ta Prohm Neak Pean and Sra Srang.","affairs. The Aedile was the supervisor of public works; the words \"edifice\" and \"edification\" stem from the same root. He oversaw the public works temples and markets. Therefore the Aediles would have been in some cooperation with the current Censors who had similar or related duties. Also they oversaw the","support the weight of the volcanic edifice above it. A roughly circular fracture the \"ring fault\" develops around the edge of the chamber. Ring fractures serve as feeders for fault intrusions which are also known as ring dykes. Secondary volcanic vents may form above the ring fracture. As the magma","carved doors. The Joudeh Al-Goudia family were entrusted as custodian to the keys of the Holy Sepulchre by Saladin in 1187. Despite occasional disagreements the religious services take place in the Church with regularity and coexistence is generally peaceful. An example of concord between the Church custodians is the recent","most notable edifice of this area is the monastery of Monte Oliveto Maggiore. The region is known for its production of white truffles and hosts a festival and a museum dedicated to the rare fungus","A number of world cultures incorporated pillars into tomb structures. In the Ancient Greek colony of Lycia in Anatolia one of these edifices is located at the tomb of Xanthos. In the town of Hannassa in southern","of a rectangular edifice with orienteer recess to Mecca. They have also updated shards of ceramics chipped stone tools and a glass bead. The engravings oldest discovered to date are from the fourth or third millennium BC In the pre-Islamic period the most famous is the site of Handoga there","in 1893 three years after work had begun on \"Dracula\". Haining and Tremaine maintain that during this visit Stoker was especially impressed by Slains Castle's interior and the surrounding landscape. Miller and Leatherdale question the stringency of this connection. Possibly Stoker was not inspired by a real edifice at all","both a specific edifice of Christian worship (a \"church\") and the overall community of the faithful (the \"Church\"). This usage was also retained in Latin and the languages derived from Latin (e.g. French \"église\" Italian \"chiesa\" Spanish \"iglesia\" Portuguese \"igreja\" etc.) as well as in the Celtic languages (Welsh \"eglwys\"","the Croatian hills. The highway currently ends near the Ploče sea port but is planned to continue further on to Dubrovnik. The most important edifice on the A1 is the Sveti Rok Tunnel (5.687 m) which goes through the famous Velebit mountain range barrier. The most modern and at the same","Labyrinth as an edifice rather than a single dancing path to the center and out again and gave it numberless winding passages and turns that opened into one another seeming to have neither beginning nor end. Ovid in his \"Metamorphoses\" suggests that Daedalus constructed the Labyrinth so cunningly that he","most competent subordinates\u2014Winfield S. Hancock John Gibbon Gouverneur K. Warren and Henry J. Hunt all heroes of the battle\u2014defended Meade in print but Meade was embittered by the overall experience. Today the Gettysburg National Cemetery and Gettysburg National Military Park are maintained by the U.S. National Park Service as two","edifices were usually built on the grounds of a larger Italian villa or palazzo and were used to host civic town functions including dancing gambling music listening and sports; examples in Italy include Villa Farnese and Villa Giulia and in the US the Newport Casino in Newport Rhode Island. In"],"title":["Brown University","Aedile","Alfonso V of Aragon","Amathus","Bank of England","Antisemitism","Augustus","Bursa","Black Forest","Acropolis of Athens","Antonio Canova","Eiffel Tower","Florence","Episcopi vagantes","Eugène Viollet-le-Duc","Frank Lloyd Wright","Enver Hoxha","Guangzhou","Capitalism","History of Cambodia","Cursus honorum","Caldera","Church of the Holy Sepulchre","Crete Senesi","Column","History of Djibouti","Dracula","Church (building)","Transport in Croatia","Daedalus","Battle of Gettysburg","Casino"],"word":"edific","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4157","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2384","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1686","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1687","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4484","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1078","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1273","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3450","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3385","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2076","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2064","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9232","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11525","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9658","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10683","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10286","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12537","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5416","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5428","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6051","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7592","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7810","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7768","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8041","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7923","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6325","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5580","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8258","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4849","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5215"]}
	{"docID":[6938],"text":["di architettura sopra le cinque maniere de gli edifici\" by Sebastiano Serlio published from 1537 onwards Giacomo Barozzi da Vignola produced an architecture rule book that was not only more practical than the previous two treatises but also was systematically and consistently adopting for the first time the term order"],"title":["Classical order"],"word":"edifici","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938"]}
	{"docID":[9790],"text":["2005 an IETF working group ratified RFC4130 for MIME-based HTTP EDIINT (a.k.a. AS2) transfers and the IETF has prepared a similar RFC for FTP transfers (a.k.a. AS3). EDI via web services (a.k.a. AS4) has also been standardised by the OASIS standards body. While some EDI transmission has moved to these"],"title":["Electronic data interchange"],"word":"ediint","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9790"]}
	{"docID":[841,2384],"text":["popular); Attila Atilla Atilay or Atila in Turkish; and Adil and Edil in Kazakh or Adil (\"same/similar\") or Edil (\"to use\") in Mongolian. The historiography of Attila is faced with a major challenge in that the only complete sources are written in Greek and Latin by the enemies of the","a way of reference used also in Romania for any mayors (ex. 'Edil al Bucureștiului' meaning 'mayor of Bucharest'). In Spain (and Latin America) the members of municipal councils are called concejales or ediles. In his play \"Coriolanus\" Shakespeare references the aediles. However they"],"title":["Attila","Aedile"],"word":"edil","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=841","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2384"]}
	{"docID":[8280],"text":["edimmu of hideous strength. As referring to the existence or non-existence of \"shedim\" (Hebr. for \"demons\" \"spirits\") there are converse opinions in Judaism. There are \"practically nil\" roles assigned to demons in the Jewish Bible. In Judaism today beliefs in \"shedim\" (\"demons\" or \"evil spirits\") are either midot hasidut (Hebr."],"title":["Demon"],"word":"edimmu","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8280"]}
	{"docID":[13078,9602,2358,2917,2704,4648,3463],"text":["\"edinnu\" derived from a Sumerian word \"edin\" meaning \"plain\" or \"steppe\". Chaim Cohen however writes that \"Eden\" is more closely related to an Aramaic root word meaning \"fruitful well-watered.\" Another interpretation associates the name \"Eden\" with a Hebrew word for \"pleasure\"; thus the Douay-Rheims Bible in Genesis 2:8 has the","UNESCO World Heritage Site which has been managed by Edinburgh World Heritage since 1999. \"Edin\" the root of the city's name is most likely of Brittonic Celtic origin from the Cumbric language or a variation of it that would have been spoken by the earliest known people of the area","and a special Hall of Fame panel. In 2013 four players were voted in. In 2014 the third year of AS Roma Hall of Fame four more players were voted in. Added in 2012: Added in 2013: Added in 2014: Added in 2015: Added in 2016: Added in 2017: Francesco","won the \"Grote Prijs van Nederland\" 2006. Another Dutch hip-hop duo are Pete Philly and Perquisite who are already well known in the Netherlands Germany and even in Japan. A famous Dutch rapper outside the Netherlands is Salah Edin. His album Nederlands Grootste Nachtmerrie (Biggest Nightmare of the Netherlands) won","for ordinary photographic objectives; the optical as well as the actinic image is chromatically inferior but both lie in the same place; and consequently the best correction lies in F (this is known as the \"actinic correction\" or \"freedom from chemical focus\"). Should there be in two lenses in contact","and the Islands a few examples occur in the Borders (for example Edin's Hall Broch and Bow Castle Broch); on the west coast of Dumfries and Galloway; and near Stirling. In a c.1560 sketch there appears to be a broch by the river next to Annan Castle in Dumfries and","Champions in 1979. The Yugoslav national basketball team which won medals in every world championship from 1963 through 1990 included Bosnian players such as FIBA Hall of Famers Dražen Dalipagić and Mirza Delibašić. Bosnia and Herzegovina regularly qualifies for the European Championship in Basketball with players including Mirza Teletović Nihad"],"title":["Garden of Eden","Edinburgh","A.S. Roma","Dutch hip hop","Optical aberration","Broch","Bosnia and Herzegovina"],"word":"edin","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13078","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9602","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2358","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2704","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4648","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3463"]}
	{"docID":[3390,2726,2639,2712,2729,2136,2070,2029,1975,4673,4348,4306,4385,4384,4248,4326,2987,2988,852,843,786,3986,4037,717,620,3793,3671,3874,3875,3736,2398,2371,2403,1814,1627,1822,1938,1937,4642,4644,4622,4575,4560,1148,1029,1064,1164,1274,1423,1435,1536,1395,1596,8193,8459,8192,8414,8166,8274,6921,6910,7045,6644,6629,7824,7801,7586,7787,7925,8091,8005,7262,7426,7462,7472,5236,5211,4973,5134,5323,5397,5617,5698,8487,8504,8642,4856,4917,4865,4777,5981,5766,5829,5866,6675,6655,6670,9602,9593,9508,9450,9581,9764,9709,9664,9695,12684,12601,12743,9118,9140,9299,9146,9252,9055,8833,8972,8828,8885,10781,10696,9942,10118,10115,10093,10128,9954,10105,13076,12967,12924,11582,11523,10933,10823,10951,10997,11227,11185,11339,11338,11253,11729,12207,12426,12334,12466,10245],"text":["professor of Hebrew Bible and Second Temple Judaism at the University of Edinburgh says that the Old Testament is \"a collection of authoritative texts of apparently divine origin that went through a human process of writing and editing.\" He states that it is not a magical book nor was it","in use continuously at Edinburgh from the 60's until almost the turn of the millennium. Other Autocodes were developed for the Titan computer a prototype Atlas 2 at Cambridge and the Ferranti Mercury. Atlas Autocode's syntax was largely similar to Algol though it was influenced by the output device which","Sinclair a merchant and Elizabeth Balfour. He reportedly attended the University of Edinburgh before being apprenticed to the renowned physician William Hunter. In 1757 St. Clair purchased a commission in the British Army Royal American Regiment and came to America with Admiral Edward Boscawen's fleet for the French and Indian","Leith and Edinburgh beyond. According to the 2011 census the village has a population of 1633. The village's winding High Street lies a little inland from the coast. Narrow lanes run off it providing access to the more hidden parts of the village and the shoreline itself. The village nestles","and Edinburgh Scotland before travelling to the United States in 1884. He was one of the last silversmiths in America to train apprentices to carry out designs in hand-wrought silver. In 1901 Stone set up a workshop in Gardner Massachusetts which operated under his name until its sale in 1937","is now southeast Scotland including Edinburgh and as far south as the Humber Estuary. The rest of that people stayed at the centre of the Angle homeland in the northeastern portion of the modern German \"Bundesland\" of Schleswig-Holstein on the Jutland Peninsula. There a small peninsular area is still called","his place in the succession upon their marriage. Excluding those princesses who have married into Roman Catholic royal families such as Marie of Edinburgh Victoria Eugenie of Battenberg and Princess Beatrice of Edinburgh one member of the Royal Family (that is with the style of \"Royal Highness\") has converted to","skill. Their aunt tried to teach the girls how to run a household but their minds were more inclined to literature. Their father's well-stocked library was a source of knowledge. They read the Bible Homer Virgil Shakespeare Milton Byron Scott and many others they examined articles from Blackwood's Edinburgh Magazine","story he still hasn't started.\" On leaving school his theatrical career started immediately with an introduction to Sir Donald Wolfit by his French master. Ayckbourn joined Wolfit on tour to the Edinburgh Festival Fringe as an acting assistant stage manager (meaning a role that involved both acting and stage management)","that they were \"tartan teen sensations from Edinburgh\" and were \"the first of many acts heralded as the 'Biggest Group since The Beatles' and one of the most screamed-at teeny-bopper acts of the 1970s\". For a relatively brief but fervent period (nicknamed \"Rollermania\") they were worldwide teen idols. The group","Katy Perry Jake Bugg and Pharrell Williams. The event was opened on the Friday with a dance","Festival has been held every year during the night of 30 April on Calton Hill in Edinburgh Scotland. While inspired by traditional Beltane this festival is a modern arts and cultural event which incorporates myth and drama from a variety of world cultures and diverse literary sources. Beltane and Beltane-based","per mile first class (equivalent to £ and £ respectively in ). Passenger levels decreased steadily from 1962 to the late 1970s and reached a low in 1982. Network improvements included completing electrification of the Great Eastern Main Line from London to Norwich between 1976 and 1986 and the East","The light rail systems in Nottingham Sheffield Manchester Croydon Birmingham/Black Country and Edinburgh use a combination of street running tramways and where available reserved right of way or former conventional rail lines in some suburbs. Blackpool has the one remaining traditional tram system. Monorails heritage tramways miniature railways and funiculars","of the modern game is still Scotland with the World Bowls centre in Edinburgh at Caledonia House1 Redheughs Rigg South Gyle Edinburgh EH12 9DQ. Lawn bowls is usually played on a large rectangular precisely levelled and manicured grass or synthetic surface known as a bowling green which is divided into","the Tower. The series follows the exploits of Richard IV's unfavoured second son Edmund the Duke of Edinburgh (who calls himself \"The Black Adder\") in his various attempts to increase his standing with his father and his eventual quest to overthrow him. Conceived while Atkinson and Curtis were working on","passed through the Scottish Parliament was voiced through petitions from shires burghs presbyteries and parishes. The Convention of Royal Burghs also petitioned against the Union as proposed: Not one petition in favour of an incorporating union was received by Parliament. On the day the treaty was signed the carilloner in","was awarded to Philip Duke of Edinburgh by Queen Elizabeth II on his 90th birthday. There also continues to be a Vice-Admiral of the United Kingdom and a Rear-Admiral of the United Kingdom both of which are honorary offices. The office of \"Admiral of England\" (or \"Lord Admiral\" and later","received his early schooling at home from his father. At an early age he was enrolled at the Royal High School Edinburgh Scotland which he left at the age of 15 having completed only the first four forms. His school record was undistinguished marked by absenteeism and lacklustre grades. His","Ontario) presented the Canadian premiere of the play under the direction of Terry Costa. In 2002 Godlight Theatre Company presented the New York Premiere adaptation of \"A Clockwork Orange\" at Manhattan Theatre Source. The production went on to play at the SoHo Playhouse (2002) Ensemble Studio Theatre (2004) 59E59 Theaters","the 1980s in the context of a more general review of the classification of angiosperms the Liliaceae were subjected to more intense scrutiny. By the end of that decade the Royal Botanic Gardens at Kew the British Museum of Natural History and the Edinburgh Botanical Gardens formed a committee to","doctorate by Oxford University in 1762. Because of these honors Franklin was often addressed as \"Dr. Franklin.\" Franklin also managed to secure an appointed post for his illegitimate son William Franklin by then an attorney as Colonial Governor of New Jersey. While living in London in 1768 he developed a","railway line connecting London Birmingham Manchester Liverpool Glasgow and Edinburgh. Watling Street the main road linking London to the north-west (now the A5) was close by and high-volume communication links were available at the telegraph and telephone repeater station in nearby Fenny Stratford. Bletchley Park was known as \"B.P.\" to","provincial department of education (Alberta Education). Homeschool tutors may choose to follow the Program of Studies or develop their own Program of Studies. Public and separate schools charter schools and approved private schools all employ teachers who are certificated by Alberta Education they administer Provincial Achievement Tests and Diploma Examinations","the cast included Nicky Henson as Napoleon Toby Jones as the propagandist Squealer and Ralph Ineson as Boxer. A theatrical version with music by Richard Peaslee and lyrics by Adrian Mitchell was staged at the National Theatre London on 25 April 1984 directed by Peter Hall. It toured nine cities","by these gains which according to Ross could have been greater if Richard had been resolute enough to capitalise on the situation while in control of Edinburgh. In her analysis of Richard's character Christine Carpenter sees him as a soldier who was more used to taking orders than giving them.","machinery and equipment and fuels. In 2005 Bulgaria\u2019s exports totaled US$11.7 billion and its imports totaled US$15.9 billion incurring a trade deficit of US$4.2 billion. The trade deficit is especially severe with Russia where markets for Bulgarian goods have shrunk drastically in the early 2000s. In the first half of","medical schools credit Boerhaave for developing the system of medical education upon which their current institutions are based. Every founding member of the Edinburgh Medical School had studied at Leyden and attended Boerhaave's lectures on chemistry including John Rutherford and Francis Home. Boerhaave's \"Elementa Chemiae (1732)\" is recognised as the","the centre\". He reprimanded Frere but left him in charge attracting fire from all sides. Disraeli sent General Sir Garnet Wolseley as High Commissioner and Commander in Chief and Cetewayo and the Zulus were crushed at the Battle of Ulundi on 4 July 1879. On 8 September 1879 Sir Louis","separate legal jurisdiction with there being no single law for the UK as a whole. Ireland the United Kingdom and the three Crown Dependencies are all parliamentary democracies with their own separate parliaments. All parts of the United Kingdom return members to parliament in London. In addition to this voters","a relationship with Naomi's mother (Olivia Colman). O'Hanlon plays the lead role in Irish comedy television programme \"Val Falvey TD\" on RTÉ One. He has recently performed in the Edinburgh Fringe. In February 2011 O'Hanlon returned to the Gate Theatre Dublin starring in the Irish premiere of Christopher Hampton's translation","derive from the Taxil hoax. As a young man of letters Pike wrote poetry and he continued to do so for the rest of his life. At 23 he published his first poem \"Hymns to the Gods.\" Later work was printed in literary journals like Blackwood's \"Edinburgh Magazine\" and local","level of international competition. Although Australian rules football has not yet been a full sport at the Olympic Games or Commonwealth Games when Melbourne hosted the 1956 Summer Olympics which included the MCG being the main stadium Australian rules football was chosen as the native sport to be demonstrated as","Royal Society of Edinburgh and from 1787 to 1789 he occupied the honorary position of Lord Rector of the University of Glasgow. Smith died in the northern wing of Panmure House in Edinburgh on 17 July 1790 after a painful illness. His body was buried in the Canongate Kirkyard. On","the name First Aberdeen as the successor of Grampian Regional Transport (GRT) and Aberdeen Corporation Tramways. Aberdeen is the global headquarters of FirstGroup plc having grown from the GRT Group. First is still based at the former Aberdeen Tramways depot on King Street which has now been redeveloped into a","of new theories of chemistry contained a clear statement of the law of conservation of mass and denied the existence of phlogiston. This text clarified the concept of an element as a substance that could not be broken down by any known method of chemical analysis and presented Lavoisier's theory","migration to America would be his second journey outside Dunfermline\u2013the first being an outing to Edinburgh to see Queen Victoria. In September 1848 Carnegie arrived with his family at their new prosperous home. Allegheny was rapidly populating in the 1840s growing from around 10000 to 21262 residents. The city was","Mary's Hospital where he was elected Professor of Bacteriology of the University of London in 1928. In 1951 he was elected the Rector of the University of Edinburgh for a term of three years. During World War I Fleming witnessed the death of many soldiers from sepsis resulting from infected","involves BT Sport becoming the new shirt sponsor for both clubs as well as being promoted with BT Group at their respective home grounds; Scotstoun Stadium and Murrayfield Stadium. On 28 May 2014 it was announced that BT agreed a £20 million four-year sponsorship deal with Scottish Rugby Union which","and two years after their marriage. During this first visit they stayed at Edinburgh and at Taymouth Castle in Perthshire the home of the Marquess of Breadalbane. They returned in 1844 to stay at Blair Castle and in 1847 when they rented Ardverikie by Loch Laggan. During the latter trip","at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe that it was renamed \"Cambridge Circus\" and transferred to the West End in London then New Zealand and Broadway in September 1964. Meanwhile still at Cambridge Oddie wrote scripts for and appeared briefly in TV's \"That Was The Week That Was\". He appeared in Bernard","Burns. Inspired by his reading as a teenager of \"Reliques of Ancient English Poetry\" by Thomas Percy Scott began collecting ballads while he attended Edinburgh University in the 1790s. He published his research from 1802 to 1803 in a three-volume work \"The Minstrelsy of the Scottish Border\". Burns collaborated with","Wallace in Edinburgh but Robert's father has conspired with other nobles to capture and hand over Wallace to the English. Learning of his treachery Robert disowns his father. Isabella exacts revenge on the now terminally ill Longshanks by telling him that his bloodline will be destroyed upon his death as","setback to the further economic development of the city and state. The debt has more recently been reduced with the State Government once again receiving a AAA+ Credit Rating. The global media conglomerate News Corporation was founded in and until 2004 incorporated in Adelaide and it is still considered its","field (including music law and divinity) helping launch them on lives of Schweitzer-spirited service. The peer-supporting lifelong network of \"Schweitzer Fellows for Life\" numbered over 2000 members in 2008 and is growing by nearly 1000 every four years. Nearly 150 of these Schweitzer Fellows have served at the Hospital in","that the Royal Botanic Garden Edinburgh reported as cultivating almonds Germany is the northernmost though the domesticated form can be found as far north as Iceland. The word \"almond\" comes from Old French \"almande\" or \"alemande\" Late Latin *\"amandula\" derived through a form \"amygdala\" from the Greek ἀμυγδάλη (\"amygdálē\") (cf.","formal logic to solve a wide variety of problems including knowledge representation planning and learning. Logic was also the focus of the work at the University of Edinburgh and elsewhere in Europe which led to the development of the programming language Prolog and the science of logic programming. Researchers at","59°40'W.) are also considered to be active. In 2017 the researchers of Edinburgh University discovered 91 underwater volcanoes under West Antarctica. West Antarctica is the smaller part of the continent divided into: Larger ice shelves are: For all ice shelves see List of Antarctic ice shelves. For a list of","proposed his definition of animism) the Edinburgh lawyer John Ferguson McLellan argued that the animistic thinking evident in fetishism gave rise to a religion he named Totemism. Primitive people believed he argued that they were descended of the same species as their totemic animal. Subsequent debate by the 'armchair anthropologists'","old Tolbooth in Edinburgh. Scott had only enjoyed his residence one year when (1825) he met with that reverse of fortune which involved the estate in debt. In 1830 the library and museum were presented to him as a free gift by the creditors. The property was wholly disencumbered in","even Castle Rock in Edinburgh. An example in Ireland is the Rock of Cashel. Acropolis is also the term used by archaeologists and historians for the urban Castro culture settlements located in Northwestern Iberian hilltops. The most famous example is the Acropolis of Athens which by reason of its historical","Collins': it began with a bagpipe solo introduction similar to her lone voice then it was accompanied by the band of bagpipes and horns whereas in her version she is backed up by a chorus. It topped the \"RPM\" national singles chart in Canada for three weeks and rose as","to visit the queen at Kinghorn in Fife on 18 March 1286 because it was her birthday the next day. He had spent the evening at Edinburgh Castle celebrating his second marriage and overseeing a meeting with royal advisors. He was advised by them not to make the journey to","released him in 1703. He immediately published \"The Review\" which appeared weekly then three times a week written mostly by himself. This was the main mouthpiece of the English Government promoting the Act of Union 1707. In 1709 Defoe authored a rather lengthy book entitled \"The History of the Union","around the globe about the gospel message. Dwight L. Moody visited Britain with Ira D. Sankey with Moody preaching and Sankey singing. Together they published books of Christian hymns. In 1883 they visited Edinburgh and raised £10000 for the building of a new home for the Carrubbers Close Mission. Moody","part. Conan Doyle stated that the character of Holmes was inspired by Dr. Joseph Bell for whom Doyle had worked as a clerk at the Edinburgh Royal Infirmary. Like Holmes Bell was noted for drawing large conclusions from the smallest observations. A brilliant London-based \"consulting detective\" residing at 221B Baker","bill in November 1985 that was passed in the House of Lords on 5 December 1985. Construction started in November 1986 and the road was opened on 19 July 1988. The DPA continues to follow the same objectives as when it was founded. The activities have widened involving local partners","numerous regional local and suburban services as well as intercity services to and from London Paddington. Other intercity services are operated by CrossCountry to Manchester Piccadilly Edinburgh Waverley Glasgow Central Dundee Aberdeen and Penzance and South West Trains operating express services between London Waterloo and Exeter St Davids on the","copy of the Declaration survives among Scotland's state papers held by the National Archives of Scotland in Edinburgh. The most widely known English language translation was made by Sir James Fergusson formerly Keeper of the Records of Scotland from text that he reconstructed using this extant copy and early copies","1800) and Captain Basil Hall's \"Schloss Hainfeld; or a Winter in Lower Styria\" (London and Edinburgh 1836) are other sources for Le Fanu's \"Carmilla\". Hall's account provides much of the Styrian background and in particular a model for both Carmilla and Laura in the figure of Jane Anne Cranstoun Countess","July 1996 but not announced to the world until 22 February 1997. Her stuffed remains were placed at Edinburgh's Royal Museum part of the National Museums of Scotland. Dolly was publicly significant because the effort showed that genetic material from a specific adult cell programmed to express only a distinct","\"droop nose\" can still be lowered and raised. This led to rumours that they could be prepared for future flights for special occasions. French Concorde F-BVFB currently rests at the Auto & Technik Museum Sinsheim at Sinsheim Germany after its last flight from Paris to Baden-Baden followed by a spectacular","men and was known as the \"Scotch Cup\" held in Falkirk and Edinburgh Scotland in 1959. The first world title was won by the Canadian team from Regina Saskatchewan skipped by Ernie Richardson. (The \"skip\" is the team member who calls the shots; see below.) Curling was one of the","of these see \"Voltaire: Candide ou L'Optimisme et autres contes\" (1989) with preface and commentaries by Pierre Malandain. In May 2009 a play called \"Optimism\"","of the Royal Society of Edinburgh. Maclaurin actively opposed the Jacobite rising of 1745 and superintended the operations necessary for the defence of Edinburgh against the Highland army. Maclaurin compiled a diary of his exertions against the Jacobites both within and without the city. When the Highland army entered the","the University of East London the University of Edinburgh the University of KwaZulu Natal the Graduate Center of the City University of New York and the University of West Georgia. Undergraduate concentrations can also be found at the California Institute of Integral Studies and Prescott College. Like many critical applications","from the Scottish Psalter and non-Christadelphian hymn-writers including Isaac Watts Charles Wesley William Cowper and John Newton. Despite incorporating non-Christadelphian hymns however Christadelphian hymnody preserves the essential teachings of the community. The earliest hymn book published was the \"Sacred Melodist\" which was published by Benjamin Wilson in Geneva Illinois in","of Arts and Sciences. He was elected an Honorary Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh in 1820 and a Foreign Honorary Member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1822. Claude-Louis Berthollet\u2019s 1788 publication entitled \"Méthode de Nomenclature Chimique\" published with colleagues Antoine Lavoisier Louis Bernard Guyton","lifetime as an essayist and a career as a librarian at the University of Edinburgh. His tenure there and the access to research materials it provided ultimately resulted in Hume's writing the massive six-volume \"The History of England\" which became a bestseller and the standard history of England in its","their fortune in oil. During this time Adams continued to write and submit sketches though few were accepted. In 1976 his career had a brief improvement when he wrote and performed \"Unpleasantness at Brodie's Close\" at the Edinburgh Fringe festival. By Christmas work had dried up again and a depressed","19th century. In the UK the Dentist Act was passed in 1878 and the British Dental Association formed in 1879. In the same year Francis Brodie Imlach was the first ever dentist to be elected President of the Royal College of Surgeons (Edinburgh) raising dentistry onto a par with clinical","limited storage (also as in Pascal). Like Edinburgh IMP it allows embedded assembler and also offers good run-time checking and diagnostics. It is specifically intended for real-time and embedded applications and for use on computers with limited processing power including those limited to fixed point arithmetic and those without support","coronation in 1633. To the dismay of the Scots who had removed many traditional rituals from their liturgical practice Charles insisted that the coronation be conducted in the Anglican rite. In 1637 the king ordered the use of a new prayer book in Scotland that was almost identical to the","he continued performing including taking a show to the Edinburgh Fringe in 1981 with Griff Rhys Jones. Anderson was involved in the fledgling alternative comedy scene in the early 1980s and was the first act to come on stage at The Comedy Store when it opened in 1979. He made","could observe geological phenomena. In 1821 he attended Robert Jameson's lectures in Edinburgh and visited Gideon Mantell at Lewes in Sussex. In 1823 he was elected joint secretary of the Geological Society. As his eyesight began to deteriorate he turned to geology as a full-time profession. His first paper \"On","Edinburgh for example is a city on the coast of Scotland. A pelagic coast refers to a coast which fronts the open ocean as opposed to a more sheltered coast in a gulf or bay. A shore on the other hand can refer to parts of land adjoining any large","Christian heritage who may not believe in the religious claims of Christianity but who retain an affinity for the popular culture art music and so on related to it. Another frequent application of the term is to distinguish political groups in areas of mixed religious backgrounds. Christian groups and denominations","to an industrial-age city. The ramshackle tents and timber buildings gradually made way for permanent buildings many impressive structures of solid stone and brick mainly built from wealth generated by early mining. Prince Alfred Duke of Edinburgh visited between 9 and 13 December 1867 and as the first royal visit","of chess activity in this period were coffee houses in big European cities like \"Café de la Régence\" in Paris and \"Simpson's Divan\" in London. As the 19th century progressed chess organization developed quickly. Many chess clubs chess books and chess journals appeared. There were correspondence matches between cities; for","in Greek. Similar words have also been adopted in the UK (as in \"the School of Informatics of the University of Edinburgh\"). \"In the U.S. however informatics is linked with applied computing or computing in the context of another domain.\" A folkloric quotation often attributed to\u2014but almost certainly not first","others. Morris won the Best TV Comedy Newcomer award from the British Comedy Awards in 1998 for his performance in \"The Day Today\". He has won two BAFTA awards: the BAFTA Award for Best Short Film in 2002 for \"My Wrongs#8245\u20138249 & 117\" and the BAFTA Award for Outstanding Debut","In some cases the exposure occurred weeks after the instruments were used on a person with CJD. A review article published in 1979 indicated that 25 dura mater cases had occurred by that date in Australia Canada Germany Italy Japan New Zealand Spain the United Kingdom and the United States.","and Herschel visited Paris and the Society of Arcueil meeting leading French mathematicians and physicists. That year Babbage applied to be professor at the University of Edinburgh with the recommendation of Pierre Simon Laplace; the post went to William Wallace. With Herschel Babbage worked on the electrodynamics of Arago's rotations","others the articles on electricity hydrodynamics magnetism microscope optics stereoscope and voltaic electricity. He was elected a member of the American Antiquarian Society in 1816. In 1819 Brewster undertook further editorial work by establishing in conjunction with Robert Jameson (1774\u20131854) the \"Edinburgh Philosophical Journal\" which took the place of the","2011 census the population of Dublin was 90% white (including 400749 white Irish [78%] 57748 other white [11%] and 1923 white Irish traveller) 1% black and 4% Asian. In terms of religion 75% identified as Catholic 10% as other stated religions with 14% having no religion or no religion stated.","the University of Edinburgh where lectures were open to all regardless of religion or nationality. The University of Edinburgh was located near Ramsay's home in Scotland. In 1821 Dalhousie College was officially incorporated by the Nova Scotia House of Assembly under the 1821 Act of Incorporation. The college did not","dialect) Luxembourg Edinburgh Grundisburgh Hamburg Gothenburg) usually indicates that they were once fortified settlements. In the Middle Ages boroughs were settlements in England that were granted some self-government; burghs were the Scottish equivalent. In medieval England boroughs were also entitled to elect members of parliament. The use of the word","following season. The first recorded ascent of Ben Nevis was made on 17 August 1771 by James Robertson an Edinburgh botanist who was in the region to collect botanical specimens. Another early ascent was in 1774 by John Williams who provided the first account of the mountain's geological structure. John","the Sarum Office (the Sarum Rite was much favoured in Scotland as a kind of protest against the jurisdiction claimed by the diocese of York) revised by William Elphinstone (bishop 1483\u20131514) and printed at Edinburgh by Walter Chapman and Andrew Myllar in 1509\u20131510. Four copies have been preserved of it","at the Weapons Research Establishment near Salisbury South Australia and flown to be launched at the Woomera range from RAAF Edinburgh. A specialist RAF unit 4 JSTU was established to carry out preparatory and operational tasks. Blue Steel finally entered service in February 1963 carried by Vulcans and Victors although","some French. After graduating in 1839 he spent a short time in New Brunswick working as a teacher then moved to Windsor Nova Scotia to study medicine (1839\u201340) with Dr. Ebenezer Fitch Harding. Borrowing money he then moved to Scotland to study at the University of Edinburgh Medical School: he","the budget: In June 1936 the Conservative MP Duff Cooper called for an Anglo-French alliance against possible German aggression and called for all parties to support one. Attlee condemned this: \"We say that any suggestion of an alliance of this kind\u2014an alliance in which one country is bound to another","Weekender and has broadcast the radio show live from festival locations. In 2012 Charles released the compilation album \"The Craig Charles Funk & Soul Club\" on CD and as a digital download as part of a three-album deal with Freestyle Records. The second volume was released in the same format","domestic parties puts pressure on the members in the European Parliament to vote a certain way. By a decision of the European Council at Edinburgh in December 1992 the Council has its seat in Brussels but in April June and October it holds its meetings in Luxembourg. Between 1952 and","\"The Quarterly Review\" founded in 1809 as a counterweight to the Whigs' \"Edinburgh Review\" and the even more conservative \"Blackwood's Edinburgh Magazine\". Sack finds that the \"Quarterly Review\" promoted a balanced Canningite toryism as it was neutral on Catholic emancipation and only mildly critical of Nonconformist Dissent; it opposed slavery","of Hexstatic referred to this technique as: \"What you see is what you hear.\" \u2018Timber\u2019 (which appears on both \u2018Let Us Play\u2019 Coldcut\u2019s fourth album and \u2018Let Us Replay\u2019 their fifth) won awards for its innovative use of repetitive video clips synced to the music including being shortlisted at the","incineration is to date one of the two main ways to treat this solid effluent of the food industry. Green cement is a cementitious material that meets or exceeds the functional","of the principal objectives of the green belt were to contain the outward expansion of the city and to prevent the agglomeration of urban areas. Expansion affecting the green belt is strictly controlled but developments such as Edinburgh Airport and the Royal Highland Showground at Ingliston lie within the zone.","only in the mind and art of the absurdist. The play examines questions such as death the meaning of human existence and the place of God in human existence. Tom Stoppard's \"Rosencrantz & Guildenstern Are Dead\" is an absurdist tragicomedy first staged at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe in 1966. The","costs and developed electronic versions on CD-ROM DVD and the World Wide Web. Since the early 1930s the company has promoted spin-off reference works. The \"Britannica\" has been issued in 15 editions with multi-volume supplements to the 3rd and 4th editions (see the Table below). The 5th and 6th editions","were arranged around a clock-face and the signal caused a needle to indicate the letter. This early system required the receiver to be present in real time to record the message and it reached speeds of up to 15 words a minute. In 1846 Alexander Bain patented a chemical telegraph","MEPs would prefer to be based just in Brussels at John Major's 1992 Edinburgh summit France engineered a treaty amendment to maintain Parliament's plenary seat permanently at Strasbourg. The body was not mentioned in the original Schuman Declaration. It was assumed or hoped that difficulties with the British would be","decided to pursue the medical work she had studied in prison. However her preferred fields of specialization\u2014midwifery and massage\u2014were not available to nursing students in the US. She sailed to Europe lecturing in London Glasgow and Edinburgh. She met with renowned anarchists such as Errico Malatesta Louise Michel and Peter","High Anglican version of the English Book of Common Prayer to Scotland in the middle of 1637. This was violently resisted; a riot broke out in Edinburgh which may have been started in St Giles' Cathedral according to legend by Jenny Geddes. In February 1638 the Scots formulated their objections","book. It premiered at the New Zealand International Film Festival and the Edinburgh Art Festival. In \"Smile\" the second episode of the 2017 season of Doctor Who the Doctor and Bill explore a spaceship named \"Erehwon\". Despite the slightly different spelling the","from the administration. She was obliged to leave the Middlesex Hospital but she did so with an honours certificate in chemistry and \"materia medica\". Garrett then applied to several medical schools including Oxford Cambridge Glasgow Edinburgh St Andrews and the Royal College of Surgeons all of which refused her admittance.","Parliament of Great Britain. Section III of the Act required the Scottish courts to try cases of treason and misprision of treason according to English rules of procedure and evidence. This rule was repealed in 1945. The first Scottish grand jury under this Act met at Edinburgh on 10 October","VI limousine for ceremonial occasions such as the State Opening of Parliament. They more commonly use Australian-built luxury cars when on official business. The official cars of the Governor-General fly the Flag of the Governor-General of Australia and display St. Edward's Crown instead of number plates. A similar arrangement is","United States; the touring production typically features local celebrities and skits incorporating local color. In April 2000 he took the program to Edinburgh Scotland producing two performances in the city's Queen's Hall which were broadcast by BBC Radio. He toured Scotland with the program to celebrate its 25th anniversary. (In","in honor of Prince Alfred Duke of Edinburgh who was visiting Hawaii at the time. His father was a policeman. His mother Julia Paakonia Lonokahikina Paoa was a deeply religious woman with a strong sense of family ancestry. Even though not of the formal Hawaiian Royal Family his parents were","by playwright Dennis Potter in the MacTaggart Lecture at the 1993 Edinburgh Television Festival. Externally Daleks resemble human-sized pepper pots with a single mechanical eyestalk mounted on a rotating dome a gun mount containing an energy weapon (\"gunstick\" or \"death ray\") resembling an egg whisk and a telescopic manipulator arm","Cambridge. He obtained his medical education at the University of Edinburgh Medical School. Whether Darwin ever obtained the formal degree of MD is not known. Darwin settled in 1756 as a physician at Nottingham but met with little success and so moved the following year to Lichfield to try to","part of the University of Edinburgh Scotland and the biotechnology company PPL Therapeutics based near Edinburgh. The funding for Dolly's cloning was provided by PPL Therapeutics and the UK's Ministry of Agriculture. She was born on 5 July 1996 and died from a progressive lung disease five months before her","teaming up to form edX. Other universities offering open education are Stanford Princeton Duke Johns Hopkins Edinburgh U. Penn U. Michigan U. Virginia U. Washington and Caltech. It has been called the biggest change in the way we learn since the printing press. Despite favourable studies on effectiveness many people","many international chain stores including Homebase Currys & PC World (stores combined) Carpet Right Maplin Argos Extra Toys R Us Halfords DW Sports (formerly JJB Sports) Pets at Home Next Home Starbucks McDonald's Tesco Express and M&S Simply Food. In the short period of time that this site has been","that if there was no surge of the energy of old he would have to reappraise the situation within a few months. On 10 October 2000 around lunchtime Dewar sustained a fall. He seemed fine at first but later that day suffered a massive brain haemorrhage which was possibly triggered","dagger. Another murder of particular brutality was that of Rizzio secretary to Mary Queen of Scots on March 9 1566 at Holyrood Palace in Edinburgh. Whilst seated at supper with the Queen he was dragged away by several nobles and stabbed to death in an adjoining room. The assassins may","The A923 Dundee to Dunkeld road meets the A991 at the Dudhope Roundabout and the A929 links the A991 to the A90 via Forfar Road. Dundee has an extensive network of bus routes. The Seagate bus station is the city's main terminus for journeys out of town. Xplore Dundee operates","Boyle. \"A Short Account of Scots","the Sydney Film Festival (1954). Edinburgh International Film Festival is the longest running festival in Great Britain. North America's first and longest running short film festival is the Yorkton Film Festival established in 1947. The first film festival in the United States was the Columbus International Film & Video Festival","the region\". The Type 42 destroyer HMS \"Edinburgh\" took over the South Atlantic Patrol Task in October 2006 replacing HMS \"Southampton\". Prior to \"Southampton's\" deployment in August 2005 the role was filled by HMS \"Cardiff\" which was decommissioned on return to the UK. As of February 2010 the on-station warship","to set up house with his wife and his mistress may have created a problem. He had the prospect of a position at the University of Edinburgh but visa delays occurred and in the end he took up a position at the University of Graz in Austria in 1936. He","and Sciences","v Magistrates of Edinburgh\" (1953) provides authority that where a witness has particular knowledge or skills in an area being examined by the court and has been called to court in order to elaborate on that area for the benefit of the court that witness may give evidence of his/her","workers. The train was the first passenger-carrying arrival at St Pancras International station. On 20 September 2007 Eurostar broke another record when it completed the journey from Brussels to London in 1 hour 43 minutes. The original proposals for Eurostar included direct services to Paris and Brussels from cities north of London","divine protection. In 1599 she spoke of \"all my husbands my good people\". Elizabeth's first policy toward Scotland was to oppose the French presence there. She feared that the French planned to invade England and put Mary Queen of Scots who was considered by many to be the heir to","of votes has changed; and the countries that did not make it to the final each year could also vote. In 2004 the countries were called in alphabetical order (according to their ISO codes). In 2005 the votes from the non-qualifying semi-finalists were announced first in their running order on","heavily annotated copy of \"De revolutionibus\" in the Royal Observatory Edinburgh that started Owen Gingerich on his search for copies of the first and second editions which he describes in \"The Book Nobody Read\". In Reinhold's unpublished commentary on \"De revolutionibus\" he calculated the distance from the Earth to the","the head and suffered a retinal detachment. This left him blind in his left eye despite treatment including several operations and weeks spent lying in a darkened room. Later at Edinburgh while playing tennis he noticed the same symptoms in his right eye. Brown underwent experimental surgery at the Edinburgh","of Land Upon the Globe\" before the Royal Society of Edinburgh in March and April 1785. It has been said that \"as things appear from the perspective of the 20th century James Hutton in those readings became the founder of modern geology\". Hutton proposed that the interior of Earth was","it was converted in 1802. In the period in question only in Edinburgh were working-class purpose-built tenements common though lodgers were common in other cities. A curving crescent often looking out at gardens or a park was popular for terraces where space allowed. In early and central schemes of development","enemy Osama bin Laden are unequivocally 'fundamentalist'.\" A study at the University of Edinburgh found that of its six measured dimensions of religiosity \"lower intelligence is most associated with higher levels of fundamentalism.\" The Associated Press' \"AP Stylebook\" recommends that the term fundamentalist not be used for any group that","nothing of the kind. A ceasefire was declared on 14 June and the commander of the Argentine garrison in Stanley Brigade General Mario Menéndez surrendered to Major General Jeremy Moore the same day. On 20 June the British retook the South Sandwich Islands (which involved accepting the surrender of the","at the University of Kent. Also in Edinburgh in the 1970s Burstall and Darlington developed the functional language NPL. NPL was based on Kleene Recursion Equations and was first introduced in their work on program transformation. Burstall MacQueen and Sannella then incorporated the polymorphic type checking from ML to produce","to Spanish texts. On 28 August he played at a concert in Manchester's Concert Hall sharing the stage with Marietta Alboni and Lorenzo Salvi. In late summer he was invited by Jane Stirling to visit Scotland where he stayed at Calder House near Edinburgh and at Johnstone Castle in Renfrewshire","the novel in 1982 starring Michael Pennington. It was broadcast again on February 12 2012 and April 7 and 8 2013 on BBC Radio 4 Extra. In 1984 the novel was adapted into a computer text adventure game of the same name by the software company Trillium. The UK premiere","Edinburgh which he completed as a graduation requirement in the summer of 1999. Ian Clarke's resulting unpublished report \"A distributed decentralized information storage and retrieval system\" (1999) provided foundation for the seminal paper written in collaboration with other researchers \"Freenet: A Distributed Anonymous Information Storage and Retrieval System\" (2001). According","be known. The minutes of the Lodge of Edinburgh (Mary's Chapel) No. 1 in Scotland show a continuity from an operative lodge in 1598 to a modern speculative Lodge. It is reputed to be the oldest Masonic Lodge in the world. Alternatively Thomas De Quincey in his work titled; \"Rosicrucians","'60s and early '70s. Women who were radicalized during the 1960s by political debate and sexual liberation; but the failure of radicalism to produce substantive change for women galvanized them to form consciousness-raising groups and set about analysing from different perspectives dominant cinema's construction of women. Differences were particularly marked","ECRC-Prolog<br> ECSL<br> ECSP<br> ECSS II<br> ECSSL<br> ed<br> EDA<br> e-ddress<br> Eden<br> EDF<br> EDI<br> EDIF<br> EDIFACT<br> Edinburgh Multi Access System<br> Edinburgh Prolog<br> Edinburgh SML<br> Edison<br> EDL<br> EDM<br> EdML<br> EDMS<br> EDO DRAM<br> EDO memory<br> EDO RAM<br> EDP<br> EDRAM<br> e-dress<br> EDS+<br> edu<br> edutainment<br> Edward Lorenz<br> Edward Yourdon<br> ee<br> EEMA<br> EEPROM<br> EER<br> E. F. Codd<br>","Coordinated DONE<br> University of ArizonaDONE <br> University of California at Berkeley DONE<br> University of Durham DONE<br> University of East London<br> University of Edinburgh DONE<br> University of Hawaii<br> University of Iceland<br> University of London Computing Centre<br> University of Michigan DONE<br> University of Michigan Digital Library Project<br> University of Minnesota DONE<br> University","of philosophy from Edinburgh a doctor of law from Christ's College a doctor of medicine from Harvard. My friends out of courtesy call me 'Doctor'\"). At the time of their first encounter (1911) Dr. Petrie believed that Fu Manchu was around 70 years old. This would have placed Fu Manchu","1838 but published in the December 1838 edition of \"The London and Edinburgh Philosophical Magazine and Journal of Science\" Welsh physicist and barrister William Grove wrote about the development of his first crude fuel cells. He used a combination of sheet iron copper and porcelain plates and a solution of","often viewed as the first modern geologist. In 1785 he presented a paper entitled \"Theory of the Earth\" to the Royal Society of Edinburgh. In his paper he explained his theory that the Earth must be much older than had previously been supposed to allow enough time for mountains to","of the stars including Allen and Goldie Hawn attend in full Groucho costume. The highlight of the scene is an ensemble song-and-dance performance of \"Hooray for Captain Spaulding\"\u2014done entirely in French. The BBC remade the radio sitcom \"Flywheel Shyster and Flywheel\" with contemporary actors playing the parts of the original","after the conclusion of a show. In cinemas this brought a tendency for audiences to rush out while the end credits played to avoid this formality. (This can be seen in the 1972 Dad's Army episode A Soldier's Farewell.) The anthem continues to be played at some traditional events such","1688 had provided a new coronation oath whereby the monarchs were to \"solemnly promise and swear to govern the people of this kingdom of England and the dominions thereunto belonging according to the statutes in parliament agreed on and the laws and customs of the same\". They were also to","alliance with France Henry was enraged. In April 1544 he ordered Edward's uncle Edward Seymour Earl of Hertford to invade Scotland and \"put all to fire and sword burn Edinburgh town so razed and defaced when you have sacked and gotten what ye can of it as there may remain"],"title":["Bible","Atlas Autocode","Arthur St. Clair","Aberdour","Arthur J. Stone","Angles","Act of Settlement 1701","Anne Brontë","Alan Ayckbourn","Boy band","BBC Radio 1","Beltane","British Rail","Rail transport in Great Britain","Bowls","Blackadder","Acts of Union 1707","Admiralty","Alexander Graham Bell","A Clockwork Orange (novel)","Asparagales","Benjamin Franklin","Bletchley Park","Alberta","Animal Farm","Battle of Bosworth Field","Economy of Bulgaria","Herman Boerhaave","Benjamin Disraeli","British Isles","Ardal O'Hanlon","Albert Pike","Australian rules football","Adam Smith","Aberdeen","Antoine Lavoisier","Andrew Carnegie","Alexander Fleming","BT Group","Balmoral Castle","Bill Oddie","Ballad","Braveheart","Adelaide","Albert Schweitzer","Almond","Artificial intelligence","Geography of Antarctica","Animism","Abbotsford House","Acropolis","Amazing Grace","Alexander III of Scotland","Daniel Defoe","Dwight L. Moody","Detective fiction","Dartmoor Preservation Association","Devon","Declaration of Arbroath","Carmilla","Cloning","Concorde","Curling","Candide","Colin Maclaurin","Critical psychology","Christadelphians","Claude Louis Berthollet","David Hume","Douglas Adams","Dentistry","Coral 66","Charles I of England","Clive Anderson","Charles Lyell","Coast","Christianity","Ballarat","Chess","Computer science","Chris Morris (satirist)","Creutzfeldt\u2013Jakob disease","Charles Babbage","David Brewster","Dublin","Dalhousie University","Borough","Ben Nevis","Roman Breviary","Blue Steel (missile)","Charles Tupper","Clement Attlee","Craig Charles","Council of the European Union","Conservatism","Coldcut","Cement","Edinburgh","Existentialism","Encyclopædia Britannica","Electrical telegraph","European Parliament","Emma Goldman","English Civil War","Erewhon","Elizabeth Garrett Anderson","Grand jury","Governor-General of Australia","Garrison Keillor","Duke Kahanamoku","Dalek","Erasmus Darwin","Dolly (sheep)","Education","Derry","Donald Dewar","Dagger","Dundee","David Abercromby","Film festival","Military of the Falkland Islands","Erwin Schrödinger","Ezra Abbot","Expert witness","Eurostar","Elizabeth I of England","Eurovision Song Contest","Erasmus Reinhold","Gordon Brown","Geologic time scale","Georgian architecture","Fundamentalism","Falklands War","Functional programming","Frédéric Chopin","Fahrenheit 451","Freenet","Freemasonry","Feminism","Wikipedia:Free On-line Dictionary of Computing/E - H","Wikipedia:Free On-line Dictionary of Computing/T - W","Fu Manchu","Fuel cell","Geology","Groucho Marx","God Save the Queen","Glorious Revolution","Edward VI of England"],"word":"edinburgh","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3390","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2726","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2639","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2712","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2729","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2136","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2070","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2029","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1975","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4673","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4348","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4306","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4385","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4384","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4248","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4326","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2987","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2988","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=852","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=843","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=786","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3986","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4037","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=717","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=620","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3793","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3671","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3874","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3875","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3736","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2398","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2371","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2403","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1814","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1627","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1822","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1938","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1937","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4642","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4644","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4622","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4575","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4560","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1148","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1029","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1064","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1164","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1274","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1423","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1435","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1536","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1395","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1596","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8193","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8459","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8192","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8414","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8166","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8274","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6910","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6644","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6629","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7824","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7801","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7586","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7787","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7925","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8091","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8005","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7262","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7426","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7462","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7472","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5236","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5211","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4973","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5134","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5323","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5397","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5617","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5698","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8487","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8504","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8642","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4856","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4917","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4865","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4777","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5766","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5829","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6675","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6655","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6670","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9602","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9593","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9508","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9450","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9581","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12684","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12601","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12743","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9118","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9140","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9299","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9146","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9252","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9055","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8833","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8972","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8828","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8885","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10781","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10696","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9942","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10118","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10115","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10093","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10128","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9954","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10105","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13076","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12967","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12924","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11582","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11523","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10933","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10823","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10951","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10997","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11227","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11185","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11339","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11338","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11253","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11729","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12207","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12426","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12334","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12466","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10245"]}
	{"docID":[9602,12233],"text":["the Future for Foreign Direct Investment\" and \"Best Large City for Foreign Direct Investment Strategy\" in the\" Financial Times \"fDi magazine awards 2012/13. In the 19th century Edinburgh's economy was known for banking publishing and brewing. Today its economy is based mainly on financial services scientific research higher education and","energy commercialisation Greenpeace have launched the \"Go Beyond Oil\" campaign. The campaign is focused on slowing and eventually ending the world's consumption of oil; with activist activities taking place against companies that pursue oil drilling as a venture. Much of the activities of the \"Go Beyond Oil\" campaign have been"],"title":["Edinburgh","Greenpeace"],"word":"edinburghbas","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9602","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12233"]}
	{"docID":[8274],"text":["English king Edward III signed a peace treaty between Scotland and England the Treaty of Edinburgh-Northampton. In this treaty which was in effect for five years until 1333 Edward renounced all English claims to Scotland. Eight months later in October 1328 the interdict on Scotland and the excommunication of its"],"title":["Declaration of Arbroath"],"word":"edinburghnorthampton","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8274"]}
	{"docID":[3875],"text":["the cabinet of what he had done until the ultimatum was about to expire. Disraeli and the cabinet reluctantly backed him and in early January 1879 resolved to send reinforcements. Before they could arrive on 22 January a Zulu \"impi\" or army moving with great speed and stealth ambushed and"],"title":["Benjamin Disraeli"],"word":"edinburghshir","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3875"]}
	{"docID":[1640],"text":["a decisive victory in the Battle of Edington in 878 Alfred made a deal with the Vikings creating what was known as Danelaw in the North of England. Alfred also oversaw the conversion of the Viking leader Guthrum. Alfred successfully defended his kingdom against the Viking attempt at conquest and"],"title":["Alfred the Great"],"word":"edington","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1640"]}
	{"docID":[13078],"text":["the name \"Eden\" from the Akkadian \"edinnu\" derived from a Sumerian word \"edin\" meaning \"plain\" or \"steppe\". Chaim Cohen however writes that \"Eden\" is more closely related to an Aramaic root word meaning \"fruitful well-watered.\" Another interpretation associates the name \"Eden\" with a Hebrew word for \"pleasure\"; thus the Douay-Rheims"],"title":["Garden of Eden"],"word":"edinnu","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13078"]}
	{"docID":[3859],"text":["names three rookies: a first-place choice is given five points a second-place choice three points and a third-place choice one point. The award goes to the player who receives the most overall points. Edinson Vólquez received three second-place votes in 2008 balloting despite no longer being a rookie under the"],"title":["Major League Baseball Rookie of the Year Award"],"word":"edinson","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3859"]}
	{"docID":[7516],"text":["was ultimately dissolved at the end of 1977. In 1978 he founded \"Edirdahan\" an acronym for \"from Edirne to Ardahan\"; the westernmost and the easternmost provinces of Turkey. He recorded one LP with \"Edirdahan\". In early 1979 he left for West Germany for business reasons where he started singing in"],"title":["Cem Karaca"],"word":"edirdahan","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7516"]}
	{"docID":[7516,5646,8608,3674,3673,1528,3446,3450,3019,3225,4251],"text":["end of 1977. In 1978 he founded \"Edirdahan\" an acronym for \"from Edirne to Ardahan\"; the westernmost and the easternmost provinces of Turkey. He recorded one LP with \"Edirdahan\". In early 1979 he left for West Germany for business reasons where he started singing in German language too namely since","Ottoman Empire rendered the city severely depopulated when it fell to the Ottoman Turks whereafter it replaced Edirne (Adrianople) as the new capital of the Ottoman Empire. According to Pliny the Elder in his \"Natural History\" the first known name of a settlement on the site of Constantinople was \"Lygos\"","are being destroyed by gravel quarries. In Turkey there are some dolmens in the Regions of Lalapasa and Suloglu in the Province of Edirne and the Regions of KOfcaz Kirklareli and Demirkoy in the Province of Kirklareli in the Eastern Thrace. They have been studied by Prof. Dr. Engin Beksaç","with three infantry divisions was deployed to the south of Yambol with direction of operations along the Tundzha River. The Second Army under Gen. Nikola Ivanov with two infantry divisions and one infantry brigade was deployed west of the First and was assigned to capture the strong fortress of Adrianople","border is scheduled for completion in 2013. As of 2004 two international highways passed through Bulgaria and a major highway ran from Sofia to the Black Sea coast. Proposed international corridors would pass from north to south from Vidin to the border with Greece and from Ruse to the border","to the","of Karağaç (near the besieged Edirne) from an Albatros F.2 aircraft piloted by Radul Milkov for the first time in this campaign. This is deemed to be the first use of an aircraft as a bomber. The first heavier-than-air aircraft purposely designed for bombing were the Italian Caproni Ca 30","witnessed a considerable amount of urban growth throughout the 14th century. After conquering Edirne (Adrianople) in East Thrace the Ottomans turned it into the new capital city in 1363 but Bursa retained its spiritual and commercial importance in the Ottoman Empire. The Ottoman sultan Bayezid I built the Bayezid Külliyesi","before going into another period of confinement in Edirne and finally the prison-city of `Akká. `Abdu\u2019l-Bahá remained a political prisoner there until the Young Turk Revolution freed him in 1908 at the age of 64. He then made several journeys to the West to spread the Bahá'í message beyond its","was forced to reconsider his decision owing to a threatening letter from his brother Constans and the uncertain conditions of affairs on the Persian border and he accordingly made up his mind to yield. But three separate letters were needed to overcome the natural hesitation of Athanasius. He passed rapidly","received a visit from the Maid of Heaven. Shortly thereafter he was expelled from Tehran to Baghdad in the Ottoman Empire; then to Constantinople (now Istanbul); and then to Adrianople (now Edirne). In 1863 at the time of his banishment from Baghdad to Constantinople Bahá'u'lláh declared his claim to a"],"title":["Cem Karaca","Constantinople","Dolmen","Bulgarian Armed Forces","Transport in Bulgaria","Ahmed II","Bomber","Bursa","`Abdu'l-Bahá","Athanasius of Alexandria","Bahá'í Faith"],"word":"edirn","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7516","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5646","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8608","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3674","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3673","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1528","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3446","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3450","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3019","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3225","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4251"]}
	{"docID":[4801],"text":["(and now Zeta) continue to be used in media appliances such as the Edirol DV-7 video editors from Roland Corporation which run on top of a modified BeOS and the TuneTracker radio automation software that used to run it on BeOS and Zeta and it was also sold as a"],"title":["BeOS"],"word":"edirol","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4801"]}
	{"docID":[6886,6943,8090,8051,7888,7770,8254,6804,8687,5693,4360,2083,2917,852,1135,1217,12855,13089,11028,10315,10783,10790,10654,10775,12730,9232,9252,9531,9550,9592,9450,9588,9540,10076],"text":["with New York City via the Chicago \u2013 New York Electric Air Line Railroad. Parts of this were built but it was never completed. Chicago's Department of Transportation oversees operation of Divvy North America's largest bicycle-sharing system (by geography) allowing residents and visitors the ability to check out public bikes from","controllable method of producing cathode rays was investigated by Hittorf and Goldstein and rediscovered by Thomas Edison in 1880. A cathode made of a wire filament heated red hot by a separate current passing through it would release electrons into the tube by a process called thermionic emission. The first","Ideas for Chester however morphed into new twin characters in the Edison family. The smaller number of characters reduced the strain on the game's engine in terms of scripting and animation. The staff collaboratively designed the characters. They first discussed the character personalities which Larry Ahern used to create concept","impact of hurricanes in 1979 and in 1980. By the end of the 1980s the economy had made a healthy recovery which weakened in the 1990s due to a decrease in banana prices. In 1995 the government was defeated in elections by the United Workers Party of Edison James. James","struggling as a playwright traveled to New York in an attempt to sell a script to Edison Studios producer Edwin Porter. Porter rejected Griffith's script but gave him an acting part in \"Rescued from an Eagle's Nest\" instead. Finding this attractive Griffith began exploring a career as a motion picture","are covered with presents chiefly of confectionary for the younger members of the family.\" The article distinguishes between customs in different states however claiming that in New England generally \"Christmas is not much celebrated\" whereas in Pennsylvania and New York it is. When Edward H. Johnson was vice president of","to the positive supply. Edison devised a circuit where his modified light bulb effectively replaced the resistor in a DC voltmeter. Edison was awarded a patent for this invention in 1884. Since there was no apparent practical use for such a device at the time the patent application was most","the first charge coupled device (CCD) imagers. He was also awarded the 2012 IEEE Edison Medal \"For pioneering contributions to imaging devices including CCD Imagers cameras and thermal imagers\". In a CCD for capturing images there is a photoactive region (an epitaxial layer of silicon) and a transmission region made","at 4421 Woodward Avenue which became a prime location for mansions. During this period some referred to Detroit as the \"Paris of the West\" for its architecture grand avenues in the Paris style and for Washington Boulevard recently electrified by Thomas Edison. The city had grown steadily from the 1830s","who he later learned was a distant cousin. Both Shannon and Edison were descendants of John Ogden (1609\u20131682) a colonial leader and an ancestor of many distinguished people. Shannon was apolitical and an atheist. In 1932 Shannon entered the University of Michigan where he was introduced to the work of","at that time. Two weeks later Thomas Edison made a film of Treloar's posing routine. Edison had also made two films of Sandow a few years before. Those were the first three motion pictures featuring a bodybuilder. In the early 20th century Macfadden and Charles Atlas continued to promote bodybuilding","history. They patented an improved cinematograph which in contrast to Thomas Edison's \"peepshow\" kinetoscope allowed simultaneous viewing by multiple parties. The Lumière brothers were born in Besançon France to Charles-Antoine Lumière (1840\u20131911) and Jeanne Joséphine Costille Lumière who were married in 1861 and moved to Besançon setting up a small","in a Top 3 position. Best Dance Product by The Edison Awards in the Netherlands. (The Edison Awards is an award by the Dutch Music Industry.) This also meant that with this title he was the first black artist to win this award in the Netherlands. After that he appeared","for the Deaf and Hard of Hearing (the AG Bell) a leading center for the research and pedagogy of deafness. In partnership with Gardiner Greene Hubbard Bell helped establish the publication \"Science\" during the early 1880s. In 1898 Bell was elected as the second president of the National Geographic Society","New Jersey and became a prominent member of the Theosophical Society. When two of the founders of that society Helena Blavatsky and Henry Steel Olcott moved to India at the end of that year he was constituted as the president of the American body. Another prominent member was Thomas A.","of the island's colonisation. \"Anguillian\" is believed to have emerged as the language of the masses as time passed slavery was abolished and locals began to see themselves as \"belonging\" to Anguillian society. There are six government primary schools one government secondary school (Albena Lake Hodge Comprehensive School) and two","did not appear until the 1930s. He was employed briefly by the newly formed Edison Telephone Company in 1879\u201380 and as in Dublin achieved rapid promotion. Nonetheless when the Edison firm merged with the rival Bell Telephone Company Shaw chose not to seek a place in the new organisation. Thereafter","Commerce American Forest & Paper Association and Edison Electric Institute. GCC's executive director John Shleas was previously the director of government relations at the Edison Electric Institute. GCC was run by Ruder Finn a public relations firm. GCC was the largest industry group active in climate policy. About 40 companies","1908 the perforators began to be made by Bell and Howell. Eastman Kodak used the Bell and Howell's machine to perforate its films. In 1909 Edison's organization of the Motion Picture Patents Trust agreed to what would become the standard: 35 mm gauge with Edison perforations and a 1.33 aspect ratio.","as a wedding gift. He was an avid tennis player until an injury in 1940 and drank an Old Fashioned with dinner. Politically he was described by one of his associates as \"a revolutionist only in technology \u2014 in politics he was one of the most conservative of men\". In","effective use of off-screen space. He was also one of the first film makers to purposefully introduce violence for entertainment; in \"Desperate Poaching Affray\" the villains are seen firing guns at their pursuers. Other filmmakers took up all these ideas including the American Edwin S. Porter who started making films","Asian country. The kinetoscope first shown commercially by Thomas Edison in the United States in 1894 was first shown in Japan in November 1896. The Vitascope and the Lumière Brothers' Cinematograph were first presented in Japan in early 1897 by businessmen such as Inabata Katsutaro. Lumière cameramen were the first","and College Football Hall of Fame coach David M. Nelson wrote that \"E. B. Cochems is to forward passing what the Wright brothers are to aviation and Thomas Edison is to the electric light.\" While St. Louis University completed the first legal forward pass in the first half of September","Edwin S. Porter who started making films for the Edison Company in 1901. Porter worked on a number of minor films before making \"Life of an American Fireman\" in 1903. The film was the first American film with a plot featuring action and even a closeup of a hand pulling","J. Drexel financed Edison's research and helped merge those companies under one corporation to form \"Edison General Electric Company\" which was incorporated in New York on April 24 1889. The new company also acquired Sprague Electric Railway & Motor Company in the same year. In 1880 Gerald Waldo Hart formed","included the Prince of Wales Sarah Bernhardt \"Buffalo Bill\" Cody (his Wild West show was an attraction at the exposition) and Thomas Edison. Eiffel invited Edison to his private apartment at the top of the tower where Edison presented him with one of his phonographs a new invention and one","Ramanujan (mathematician) Michael Faraday (chemist and physicist) Charles Darwin (naturalist) Thomas Alva Edison (inventor) Tadao Ando (architect) George Bernard Shaw (playwright) Frank Zappa (composer recording engineer film director) and Leonardo da Vinci (engineer scientist mathematician). In 2012 the modern use of electronic educational technology (also called e-learning) had grown at","all over the world. During these decades use of electrical engineering increased dramatically. In 1882 Thomas Edison switched on the world's first large-scale electric power network that provided 110 volts \u2014 direct current (DC) \u2014 to 59 customers on Manhattan Island in New York City. In 1884 Sir Charles Parsons","greatest progress in electrical engineering. Through such people as Alexander Graham Bell Ottó Bláthy Thomas Edison Galileo Ferraris Oliver Heaviside Ányos Jedlik William Thomson 1st Baron Kelvin Charles Algernon Parsons Werner von Siemens Joseph Swan Reginald Fessenden Nikola Tesla and George Westinghouse electricity turned from a scientific curiosity into an","levels of PCB a known carcinogen. Putting the spill into perspective John Lipscomb the vice president of advocacy for Riverkeepers said that the chronic release after heavy rains of overflow from city's wastewater treatment","During World War I Britain's telegraph communications were almost completely uninterrupted while it was able to quickly cut Germany's cables worldwide. The most expensive aspect of a telegraph system was the installation \u2013 the laying of the wire which was often very long. The costs would be better covered by","Martian atmosphere. By 1909 better telescopes and the best perihelic opposition of Mars since 1877 conclusively put an end to the canal hypothesis. The science fiction genre although not so named during the time developed during the late 19th century. Jules Verne's \"Around the Moon\" (1870) features a discussion of","Thomas Alva Edison and Nikola Tesla. Previously the only way to produce electricity was by chemical reactions or using battery cells and the only practical use of electricity was for the telegraph. Electricity generation at central power stations started in 1882 when a steam engine driving a dynamo at Pearl","\"Don Rodrigue\" in"],"title":["Chicago","Cathode ray","Day of the Tentacle","History of Dominica","D. W. Griffith","Christmas tree","Diode","Charge-coupled device","Detroit","Claude Shannon","Bodybuilding","Auguste and Louis Lumière","Dutch hip hop","Alexander Graham Bell","Abner Doubleday","Anguilla","George Bernard Shaw","Global Climate Coalition","Film stock","Edwin Howard Armstrong","History of film","Cinema of Japan","Forward pass","Film editing","General Electric","Eiffel Tower","Education","Electrical engineering","Electricity","East River","Electrical telegraph","Extraterrestrial life","Electricity generation","El Cid"],"word":"edison","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6886","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8090","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8051","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7888","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7770","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8254","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6804","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8687","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5693","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4360","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2083","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=852","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1135","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1217","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12855","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13089","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11028","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10315","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10783","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10790","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10654","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10775","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12730","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9232","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9252","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9531","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9550","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9592","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9450","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9588","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9540","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10076"]}
	{"docID":[11339],"text":["II<br> ECSSL<br> ed<br> EDA<br> e-ddress<br> Eden<br> EDF<br> EDI<br> EDIF<br> EDIFACT<br> Edinburgh Multi Access System<br> Edinburgh Prolog<br> Edinburgh SML<br> Edison<br> EDL<br> EDM<br> EdML<br> EDMS<br> EDO DRAM<br> EDO memory<br> EDO RAM<br> EDP<br> EDRAM<br> e-dress<br> EDS+<br> edu<br> edutainment<br> Edward Lorenz<br> Edward Yourdon<br> ee<br> EEMA<br> EEPROM<br> EER<br> E. F. Codd<br> EFF<br> effective computable<br> effective"],"title":["Wikipedia:Free On-line Dictionary of Computing/E - H"],"word":"edisonbr","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11339"]}
	{"docID":[8090],"text":["assistant created by mad scientist Dr. Fred Edison\u2014drinks toxic sludge from a river behind Dr. Fred's laboratory. The sludge causes him to grow a pair of flipper-like arms develop vastly increased intelligence and a thirst for global domination. Dr. Fred plans to resolve the issue by killing Purple Tentacle and"],"title":["Day of the Tentacle"],"word":"edisondrink","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8090"]}
	{"docID":[7991],"text":["\"e\")-disperser. A disperser is a high-speed mixing device used to disperse or dissolve pigments and other solids into a liquid."],"title":["Disperser"],"word":"edispers","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7991"]}
	{"docID":[7940,8013,8079,8125,8091,7923,8088,8083,7925,7892,7891,7931,8081,8029,7994,8092,7966,7345,7237,7236,7472,7294,7185,7341,7378,7220,7239,7262,7249,7213,7303,7212,7324,7400,7462,7502,7424,7515,8731,8733,8758,8777,8756,6340,6533,6629,6643,6514,6354,6614,6611,6319,6321,6604,6347,6597,6532,6336,6469,6322,6607,6445,6623,7683,7716,7668,7801,7627,7721,7628,7602,7617,7689,7626,7630,7767,7765,7635,7611,7672,7586,7593,7770,6927,6886,6888,6960,7174,7080,7056,6938,6974,6921,7100,7105,7148,7077,6874,7081,5722,5691,5698,5723,5704,5703,5718,5653,8220,8412,8240,8256,8340,8389,8193,8212,8209,8237,8377,8249,8302,8398,8402,8222,8138,8368,8443,8242,8228,8418,8199,8166,4953,4865,4827,4706,4851,4806,4800,4941,4763,4726,4730,4904,4915,4727,4737,4893,4876,4717,4842,4868,4930,4810,4788,4734,4858,4731,4748,4918,4742,4832,4801,4702,4911,4802,4700,6117,6088,6198,6193,6210,5992,6310,6066,6059,6231,6293,6226,6130,6140,6021,6068,5397,5468,5416,5478,5224,5142,5050,5288,4965,5233,5237,5253,5001,5015,5178,5051,5131,5134,5278,5132,5254,5247,5248,5163,4982,5222,8632,8533,8569,8484,8617,8708,8470,8489,8660,8527,8618,8487,8699,8584,8498,8695,8556,8551,8574,8520,8631,8521,8567,8605,5899,5884,5768,5938,5783,5823,5751,5942,5813,5786,5951,5820,5790,5796,5907,5965,5828,5882,5804,5829,6777,6713,6857,6824,6655,6654,6836,6660,6751,6811,6851,6780,6678,6739,6721,6715,6710,6822,6734,6690,6788,6799,6816,11127,11370,11257,11122,11157,11110,11260,11263,11312,11237,11121,11253,11261,11319,11129,11242,11109,11228,11303,11229,11267,11369,11178,12837,12855,12891,12848,13090,13095,12958,13051,12880,13022,12980,12867,13015,13089,12998,12859,13084,12995,13062,13087,13043,13049,12924,13066,12955,13076,12905,12957,13024,12007,12005,12083,12228,12233,11988,12001,12223,11985,12025,12209,12067,12082,11998,12167,11656,11467,11673,11574,11461,11543,11447,11442,11431,11625,11396,11385,11556,11504,11646,11432,11552,11664,11561,11652,11592,11382,11531,10858,11028,10951,11101,10827,11004,10823,10989,11033,10974,10862,11002,10861,10852,10913,10854,10886,11103,11041,11022,11104,10898,10875,10894,10869,11891,11787,11857,11856,11698,11979,11888,11924,11699,11701,11968,11702,11801,11884,11758,11745,11958,11820,11953,11729,11874,11740,11875,11736,13223,13191,13253,13231,13260,13109,13212,13149,13219,13217,13154,13097,13120,13159,13156,13172,13104,13263,13224,13145,10105,10002,9995,9954,10152,10018,9979,10172,10118,10158,10013,10153,9956,9926,9945,9942,10030,9941,10119,10025,10136,10133,10049,10011,9910,9970,12787,12553,12636,12789,12747,12542,12549,12598,12799,12566,12712,12635,12697,12750,12577,12776,12775,12731,12594,12810,12627,12628,12651,12737,12656,12719,12794,12551,12667,12665,12622,12741,12609,12702,12523,12816,10258,10392,10408,10487,10310,10302,10268,10350,10374,10380,10193,10473,10426,10244,10484,10510,10332,10430,10377,10358,10264,10257,10235,10277,10413,10252,10224,10273,9764,9845,9824,9789,9808,9772,9627,9670,9668,9664,9835,9769,9892,9904,9737,9615,9839,9657,9736,9840,9814,9878,9838,9810,9728,9773,9751,9767,10520,10707,10672,10775,10576,10799,10796,10770,10787,10671,10623,10783,10685,10786,10802,10553,10798,10683,10689,10612,10784,10790,8844,8876,8846,8835,8832,8791,8992,8828,8783,9010,8892,8885,8884,8973,8860,8930,8816,8927,8843,9059,8805,8786,8910,8855,8994,9518,9508,9536,9428,9593,9441,9482,9379,9469,9516,9510,9455,9577,9433,9549,9366,9591,9506,9105,9316,9110,9086,9294,9248,9331,9080,9321,9225,9253,9232,9324,9299,9332,9138,9140,12283,12430,12250,12425,12398,12301,12471,12383,12281,12449,12326,12266,12334,12481,12499,12474,12307,12274,12458,12276,12405,12482,12509,12305,12426,12300,12493,12446,12521,12333,12361,12388,12393,1177,1152,1132,1174,984,1002,1239,1141,1029,1247,1183,1203,1164,1210,1058,1241,983,1130,1208,1051,1028,1148,1022,3469,3408,3382,3390,3343,3356,3338,3411,3375,3355,3436,3427,3385,3430,3395,1425,1599,1288,1451,1581,1494,1395,1577,1583,1397,1316,1307,1256,1370,1409,1565,4188,4193,3978,4041,4068,3986,4010,4009,3995,4163,4147,4179,4032,4171,4157,4135,3992,4078,4077,4195,3735,3833,3947,3838,3837,3850,3746,3772,3778,3796,3875,3701,3873,3864,3780,3869,3874,3708,2340,2273,2185,2178,2310,2210,2358,2204,2383,2447,2382,2369,2402,2208,2397,2349,2363,2314,2216,2348,2303,2371,2433,308,620,332,657,339,700,309,628,586,736,624,651,665,12,595,593,691,808,843,856,980,854,851,784,869,887,888,954,785,914,752,872,852,890,791,864,924,800,740,904,4361,4380,4333,4367,4443,4408,4379,4391,4331,4376,4332,4362,4340,4377,4314,4295,4363,4326,4430,4378,4248,4319,4382,4393,4348,2634,2840,2736,2608,2834,2613,2864,2671,2881,2753,2673,2707,2705,2785,2807,2851,2890,2494,2575,2770,2607,2546,2782,2844,2839,2560,4667,4673,4670,3333,2940,3110,2919,3253,3255,3225,3144,3198,3012,2893,3165,3192,3013,3079,3010,2995,2174,2029,2101,1980,2042,1979,2152,2080,2009,2047,1955,2162,2116,2126,1949,1960,1948,2141,1988,2011,2018,2063,2030,2065,1767,1669,1814,1822,1844,1625,1921,1645,1716,1896,1825,1884,1764,1700,1902,1732,1734,1751,1880,1718,1776,1623,4626,4579,4527,4653,4621,4647,4592,4560,4561,4531,4566,4481,4501,4601,4541,4473,4652,4545,4447,4622,4547,4552,4528,4572,4444],"text":["the Coast had received feedback from more than 75000 playtesters but that the entire development process would take two years adding \"I can't emphasize this enough ... we're very serious about taking the time we need to get this right.\" The release of the 5th Edition coinciding with \"D&D\"s 40th anniversary","be processed either by further compression or for editing it is desirable to work from an unchanged original (uncompressed or losslessly compressed). Processing of a lossily compressed file for some purpose usually produces a final result inferior to the creation of the same compressed file from an uncompressed original. In","Accidental Billionaires\". Filming started in October 2009 and was released a year later to critical acclaim. Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross created the Oscar-winning soundtrack for the film. The film went on to win many awards including three Academy Awards for Best Adapted Screenplay Best Original Score and Best Film","earlier (cf. Cretan Doric \"ibêna\" cf. Latin \"vīnum\" and English \"wine\"). There have been editions of the Homeric epics where the wau was re-added particularly in the late 19th and early 20th centuries but these have largely fallen out of favour. Aeolian was the dialect that kept the sound longest.","make as they go by.\" Despite the difficulty with deadlines Adams wrote five novels in the series published in 1979 1980 1982 1984 and 1992. The books formed the basis for other adaptations such as three-part comic book adaptations for each of the first three books an interactive text-adventure computer","House of Usher\" ... but Dracula is even more appalling in its gloomy fascination than any one of these.\" Similarly good reviews appeared when the book was published in the U.S. in 1899. The first American edition was published by Doubleday & McClure in New York. In the last several","nuclear radiation (for example telling troops at one point that it is safe to be irradiated as long as they keep their eyes and mouths shut). Similarly \"The Last Cigarette\" combines the testimony of various tobacco company executives before the U.S. Congress with archival propaganda extolling the virtues of smoking.","that Dr. Dre would produce dark comedies and horror films for New Line Cinema-owned company Crucial Films along with longtime video director Phillip Atwell. Dr. Dre announced \"This is a natural switch for me since I've directed a lot of music videos and I eventually want to get into directing.\" Along with","any mixture of accident a capital discovery in one of the most important branches of science\". The \"History\" became a best-seller and made Hume a wealthy man who no longer had to take up salaried work for others. It was influential for nearly a century despite competition from imitations by","Hampton's play \"The Talking Cure\" starring Keira Knightley Michael Fassbender and frequent collaborator Viggo Mortensen. The film was produced by independent British producer Jeremy Thomas. In 2012 his film \"Cosmopolis\" competed for the Palme d'Or at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival. In the October 2011 edition of \"Rue Morgue\" Cronenberg","plans to direct a documentary on Maharishi Mahesh Yogi consisting of interviews with people who knew him. In 2010 Lynch began making guest appearances on the \"Family Guy\" spin-off \"The Cleveland Show\" as Gus the Bartender. He had been convinced to appear in the show by its lead actor Mike","\"Tesoro de la lengua castellana o española\" published in 1611 in Madrid Spain. In 1612 the first edition of the \"Vocabolario dell'Accademia della Crusca\" for Italian was published. It served as the model for similar works in French and English. In 1690 in Rotterdam was published posthumously the \"Dictionnaire Universel\"","convened at The Tech Museum in San Jose and online to engage in dialog about how to pursue his vision to augment collective intelligence. The most complete coverage of Engelbart's bootstrapping ideas can be found in \"Boosting Our Collective IQ\" by Douglas C. Engelbart 1995. This includes three of Engelbart's","a gainful activity for street children. Obligatory civil service administered through the armed forces was also proposed under the Mobutu regime during the 'radicalisation' programme of December 1974-January 1975; the FAZ was opposed to the measure and the plan 'took several months to die.' All military aircraft in the DRC","his accomplishments almost unrecognised. He never finished the book of his 28 years in the fur trade based on his 77 field notebooks before he died. In the 1890s geologist J.B. Tyrrell resurrected Thompson's notes and in 1916 published them as \"David Thompson's Narrative\" as part of the General Series","dancehall MC chants dub basslines and increasingly complex heavily edited breakbeat percussion. Despite the affiliation with the ecstasy-fuelled rave scene jungle also inherited some associations with violence and criminal activity both from the gang culture that had affected the UK's hip-hop scene and as a consequence of jungle's often aggressive","songs were produced (or older themes updated) with disco influenced music. Examples include \"S.W.A.T.\" (1975) \"Wonder Woman\" (1975) \"Charlie's Angels\" (1976) \"NBC Saturday Night At The Movies\" (1976) \"The Love Boat\" (1977) \"The Donahue Show\" (1977) \"CHiPs\" (1977) \"The Professionals\" (1977) \"Three's Company\" (1977) \"Dallas\" (1978) NBC Sports broadcasts (1978)","Bruce Hamilton and Russ Cochran two long-time Disney comics fans decided to combine forces to bring greater recognition to the works of Carl Barks. Their first efforts went into establishing Another Rainbow Publishing the banner under which they produced and issued the award-winning book \"The Fine Art of Walt Disney´s","ECMA and ISO published the new edition of the CLI standard which is","On some date between 15 May and 17 June 326 Constantine had his eldest son Crispus by Minervina seized and put to death by \"cold poison\" at Pola (Pula Croatia). In July Constantine had his wife the Empress Fausta killed in an over-heated bath. Their names were wiped from the","a response to the fossil record and said it was falsified by a lack of progress. He said in the second volume of \"Principles\" that the occurrence of this one fossil of the higher mammallia \"in these ancient strata is as fatal to the theory of successive development as if","two","featuring world jazz and dance music from the UK and internationally. The final days event is the \"Croydon Mela\" a day of music with a mix of traditional Asian culture and east-meets-western club beats across four stages as well as dozens of food stalls and a funfair. It has attracted","8th 18th and 20th best episodes respectively. In the 2000 Anime Grand Prix awards for the anime of 1999 \"Cowboy Bebop\" won the same two 1st place awards again: best male character for Spike Spiegel; and best voice actor for Megumi Hayashibara. Other rankings the series received are: 2nd best","Up to the second German edition of their introduction to comparative law Zweigert and Kötz also used to mention Soviet or socialist law","agent. If the \"Edit this page\" link is clicked the CGI populates an HTML codice_44 or other editing control with the page's contents and saves it back to the server when the user submits the form in it. Calling a command generally means the invocation of a newly created process","in the latest edition in 2015. Australia has won the tournament five times with the West Indies India (twice each) Pakistan and Sri Lanka (once each) also having won the tournament. The best performance by a non-full-member team came when Kenya made the semi-finals of the 2003 tournament. The first","Its official definition edited by Woodward Wetherall and Gorman was first published in 1970. Coral 66 is a general-purpose programming language based on ALGOL 60 with some features from Coral 64 JOVIAL and FORTRAN. It includes structured record types (as in Pascal) and supports the packing of data into limited","handles in trepanation drills was depicted in the 1887 edition of the \"Dictionnaire des Antiquités Grecques et Romaines\" to the credit of the Spanish Muslim surgeon Abu al-Qasim al-Zahrawi; however the existence of such a device cannot be confirmed by the original illuminations and thus has to be discounted. The","Serapis with his own eyes). Thus conclusions about actual agriculture in the \"Letters\" are as likely to evoke Latium as Attica. The fragments have been edited in 1998 by","Hungarian \"b\" and Katakana ナ \"na\" and メ\"me\". The multiplication sign (×) often attributed to William Oughtred (who first used it in an appendix to the 1618 edition of John Napier's \"Descriptio\") apparently had been in occasional use since the mid 16th century. Other typographical symbols resembling crosses include the","Confession (Revised edition 1646): Similar reservations about the use of creeds can be found in the Restoration Movement and its descendants the Christian Church (Disciples of Christ) the Churches of Christ and the Christian churches and churches of Christ. Restorationists profess \"no creed but Christ\". Bishop John Shelby Spong retired","in pre-1970 editions of the Roman Missal though not in the original 1570 Roman Missal of Pope Pius V. The Rite of Funerals says that the Gospel Book the Bible or a cross (which will generally be in crucifix form) may be placed on the coffin for a Requiem Mass","period Cunningham also made another short film for Warp Films Spectral Musicians which remains unreleased. The short film was edited to music by Squarepusher My Fucking Sound from the album Go Plastic and a piece called Mutilation Colony which was written especially for the short and was released on the","(then its editor) almost as good as \"The Sun\". When asked by Morgan \"What do you know about editing newspapers?\" he swiftly replied \"About as much as you do.\" In 2005 he presented the short-lived quiz \"Back in the Day\" for Channel 4. On 25 February 2008 he started presenting","Oral Torah were committed to writing and edited by Judah HaNasi in the Mishnah in 200 CE; much more of the Oral Torah were committed to writing in the Babylonian and Jerusalem Talmuds which were edited around 600 CE and 450 CE respectively. The Talmuds are notable for the way","uses the terms \"tambour\" and \"crochet\" as synonyms. This equivalence is retained in the 4th edition of that work 1847. The strong taper of the shepherd's hook eases the production of slip-stitch crochet but is less amenable to stitches that require multiple loops on the hook at the same time.","title) the third and fourth dates of editions indications of translations and critical works on particular books or authors. All numbers in the Expansive Classification are (or should be) shelved as if in decimal order. Size of volumes is indicated by points (.) pluses (+) or slashes (/ or //).","special effects are redone in addition to a new edit have also caused controversy. (\"See \" List of changes in Star Wars re-releases and \"E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial: The 20th Anniversary\"). Extended or special editions can also apply to films that have been extended for television to fill time slots against","video can be manipulated and edited to follow an order or sequence on an NLE or non-linear editing workstation a computer-based device intended to edit video and audio. More and more videos are edited on readily available increasingly affordable consumer-grade computer hardware and software. However such editing systems require ample","(the ISBNs refer to","the viral DNA with the assistance of the host's own DNA polymerase. In the 9th edition of the viral taxonomy of the ICTV (published 2011) the Bombyx mori densovirus type 2 was placed in a new family\u2014the \"Bidnaviridae\" on the basis of its genome structure and replication mechanism. This is","like\" a narrative stream or sequence which can be thought of as subject to continual editing by many processes distributed around the brain ...\" (p. 135 emphasis in the original). In this work Dennett's interest in the ability of evolution to explain some of the content-producing features of consciousness is already","(1967) were milestones in Canadian English lexicography. In November 1967 the flagship dictionary the scholarly A Dictionary of Canadianisms on Historical Principles (Avis et al. 1967) was published and completed the first edition of Gage Publishing's Dictionary of Canadian English Series (online version accessible here as Dollinger Brinton and Fee","his greatest editorial achievements was the publication of the first major English-language edition of the works of Søren Kierkegaard. Although chiefly remembered as a novelist Williams also published poetry works of literary criticism theology drama history biography and a voluminous number of book reviews. Some of his best known novels","thrice into English that same year. The complicated science of calculating the relative publication dates of all of the versions of \"Candide\" is described at length in Wade's article \"The First Edition of \"Candide\": A Problem of Identification\". The publication process was extremely secretive probably the \"most clandestine work of","subject to me.\" Whatever the truth of the matter Jaques certainly played an important role in popularising the game producing editions of the rules in 1857 1860 and 1864. Croquet became highly popular as a social pastime in England during the 1860s. It was enthusiastically adopted and promoted by the","old county. The regional capital is Dublin City which is also the national capital. The latest Ordnance Survey Ireland \"Discovery Series\" (Third Edition 2005) 1:50000 map of the Dublin Region Sheet 50 shows the boundaries of the city and three surrounding counties of the region. Extremities of the Dublin Region","\"The History of the Council of Trent: The first Sessions in Trent (1545\u20131547)\" (Vol II 1957); \"The History of the Council of Trent: Sessions in Bologna 1547\u20131548 and Trento 1551\u20131552\" (Vol III 1970 1998); \"The History of the Council of Trent: Third Period and Conclusion\" (Vol IV 1976). The canons","come up with a variety of attractions to put in.\" Sakaguchi contributed some minor elements including the character Gato; he liked Marle's drama and reconciliation with her father. Masato Kato subsequently edited and completed the outline by writing the majority of the game's story including all the events of the","by a then-record margin of 46\u201310. That game was one of the most watched television events in history according to the Nielsen ratings system; the game had a rating of 48.3 ranking it 7th in all-time television history. In addition to the \"Super Bowl Shuffle\" rap song the Bears' success","to the radio soundtrack. A subsequent \"re-mixed\" airing called \"Jaaaaam\" was even more extreme in its use of post-production gadgetry often heavily distorting the footage. \"Blue Jam\"","are rightly free to make their own editorial choices but this invitation will cause offence and bemusement not just at home but among friendly countries abroad.\u201d On 15 August 2013 Channel 4 aired a 45-minute documentary on One Direction and their fans dubbed as \"Directioners\". Following the airing fans across","editing program to produce final video output. Rendering is one of the major sub-topics of 3D computer graphics and in practice is always connected to the others. In the graphics pipeline it is the last major step giving the final appearance to the models and animation. With the increasing sophistication","a combination of newspaper cut-ups that were edited and choreographed for a troupe of non-professional street actors. Kathy Acker a literary and intermedia artist sampled external sources and reconfigured them into the creation of shifting versions of her own constructed identity. In her late 1970s novel \"Blood and Guts in","curry powder. The first curry recipe in Britain appeared in \"The Art of Cookery made Plain and Easy\" by Hannah Glasse in 1747. The first edition of her book used only black pepper and coriander seeds for seasoning of \"currey\". By the fourth edition of the book other ingredients such","However sales of \"Jane Eyre\" continued to be strong and may even have increased as a result of the novel developing a reputation as an \"improper\" book. A talented amateur artist Brontë personally did the drawings for the second edition of \"Jane Eyre\" and in the summer of 1834 two","combined with a refreshable braille display or vocal synthesis). Such keyboards use a minimum of seven keys where each key corresponds to an individual braille point except one key which is used as a spacebar. In some applications the spacebar is used to produce additional chords which enable the user","with extremely limited application to the Eastern Churches. After the Second Vatican Council (1962 - 1965) another edition was published specifically for the Roman Rite in 1983. Most recently 1990 the Vatican produced the \"Code of Canons\" of the Eastern Churches which became the 1st code of \"Eastern Catholic Canon","zoologist Carl Linnaeus in the 10th edition of Systema Naturae published in 1758. The species was given its own genus \"Conuropsis\" by Italian zoologist and ornithologist Tommaso Salvadori in 1891 in his \"Catalogue of the Birds in the British Museum\" volume 20. The name is derived from the Greek-ified \"conure\"","product. Delivery of the core rewards of the Call of Cthulhu 7th Edition Kickstarter finally commenced in April 2016. Chaosium began publishing a line of non-game books (primarily fiction) in 1993. Many titles are themed around H.P. Lovecraft's Cthulhu Mythos and related topics although the first work published was Greg","\"Report on Carcinogens\". As of June 2011 the latest edition was the 12th report (2011). It classifies carcinogens into two groups: The American Conference of Governmental Industrial Hygienists (ACGIH) is a private organization best known for its publication of threshold limit values (TLVs) for occupational exposure and monographs on workplace","views. In a 1999 special edition of \"Conservative Judaism\" dedicated to the matter leading rabbis Elliot N. Dorff and Gordon Tucker clarified that \"the great diversity\" within the movement \"makes the creation of a theological vision shared by all neither possible nor desirable.\" Conservative Judaism largely upholds the theistic notion","and People\" were edited to change references of creation to intelligent design before its publication in 1989. The intelligent design movement promoted this version. Requiring intelligent design to be taught in public school science classes was found to be unconstitutional in the 2005 \"Kitzmiller v. Dover Area School District\" federal","to black coffee. Spider Robinson praised this collection saying \"I haven't enjoyed a book so much in years.\" Mark Rich wrote \"Critics judging Kornbluth by this anthology edited by Pohl have seen a growing bitterness in his later stories. This reflects editorial choice more than reality because Kornbluth also wrote","has done a cover of Mingus's \"Haitian Fight Song\" as have the British folk rock group Pentangle and others. Hal Willner's 1992 tribute album \"Weird Nightmare: Meditations on Mingus\" (Columbia Records) contains idiosyncratic renditions of Mingus's works involving numerous popular musicians including Chuck D Keith Richards Henry Rollins and Dr.","publication of \"Critical Psychology: An Introduction\" (edited by Dennis Fox and Isaac Prilleltensky; expanded 2009 edition edited by Dennis Fox Isaac Prilleltensky and Stephanie Austin) the 2001 Monterey Conference on Critical Psychology and","Victorians frequently used the nine \"Groups\" which was the order used by Walter William Skeat whose edition \"Chaucer: Complete Works\" was used by Oxford University Press for most of the twentieth century but this order is now seldom followed. An alternative ordering (seen in an early manuscript containing \"The Canterbury","two significant series in \"Weird Tales\" then edited by Farnsworth Wright. One features the rogue and adventurer Northwest Smith wandering through the Solar System; the other features the swordswoman/warrior Jirel of Joiry one of the first female protagonists in sword-and-sorcery fiction. Both series are sometimes named for their lead characters.","After her death in 1430 Pizan's influence was acknowledged a variety of authors and her writings remained popular. Her book \"The Treasure of the City of Ladies\" remained in print. Portuguese and Dutch editions of \"The Treasure\" exist from the fifteenth century and French editions were still being printed in","brought into conservative countries for fear it may be classified at customs as pornography. The literature outlining this view of Jesus and his desire for a sexual relationship with believers was edited for younger teens then further edited for children. Second-generation adults (known as \"SGAs\") are adults born or reared","as an omnibus edition titled \"Corum\" \"Swords of Corum\" and most recently \"Corum: The Prince in the Scarlet Robe\" (vol. 30 of Orion's Fantasy Masterworks series). In the United States the first trilogy has been published as \"Corum: The Coming of Chaos\". Corum is a Vadhagh one of a race","of Middle-Earth vol. VII The Treason of Isengard edited by Christopher Tolkien. According to Tolkien the earliest Cirth became known to many peoples of Middle-earth like Men Dwarves or Orcs. The people of Dale and the Rohirrim maintained a simple form of these characters \u2014 hence the \"branching runes\" that","harbour porpoise was one of the most accessible species for early cetologists; because it could be seen close to land inhabiting shallow coastal areas of Europe. Much of the findings that apply to all cetaceans were first discovered in porpoises. One of the first anatomical descriptions of the airways of","effort to find the few remaining heretics in and around the village of Montaillou Jacques Fournier Bishop of Pamiers future Pope Benedict XII had those suspected of heresy interrogated in the presence of scribes who recorded their conversations. The late 13th- to early 14th-century document discovered in the Vatican archives","here. André Darrigade of France won the race Tom Simpson (Britain) was 4th. Since 2008 the course has been used as the venue for the Runner's World Zandvoort Circuit Run a 5-kilometre road running competition. The 2010 edition of the race attracted Lornah Kiplagat a multiple world","of the Latin Quarter\"). Initially edited by Doniol-Valcroze and after 1957 by Éric Rohmer (Maurice Scherer) it included amongst its writers Jacques Rivette Jean-Luc Godard Claude Chabrol and François Truffaut. It is the oldest film magazine in publication. The first issue of \"Cahiers\" appeared in April 1951. A 1954 article","be accounted for essentially in terms of the three mechanisms we have listed: analogy blending and editing. An individual's language at a given moment is a set of habits--that is of analogies where different analogies are in conflict one may appear as a constraint on the working of another. Speech","worked as the managing editor of \"The Freeman\" until 1922 when he returned to England. He died in 1927 nine months before Crystal ending his career editing \"Radio Times\" for the BBC. After Max Eastman's periodical \"The Masses\" was forced to close by government censorship in 1917 he and Crystal","staff produce new \"Tom and Jerry\" cartoons as well as a television adaptation of all \"Tom and Jerry\" theatricals produced to that date. This included major editing including writing out the African-American maid Mammy Two-Shoes and replacing her with one of Irish descent voiced by June Foray. In 1964 Sib","of Scottish psalms and hymns called \"The Golden Harp\" (which was subtitled \"Psalms Hymns and Spiritual Songs compiled for the use of Immersed Believers in 'The Things concerning the Kingdom of God and the Name of Jesus Christ'\"). This was replaced only five years later by the first \"Christadelphian Hymn","leading manufacturers HP and TI released increasingly feature-laden calculators during the 1980s and 1990s. At the turn of the millennium the line between a graphing calculator and a handheld computer was not always clear as some very advanced calculators such as the TI-89 the Voyage 200 and HP-49G could differentiate","nineteenth century. The first image of a Christmas tree was published in 1836 as the frontispiece to \"The Stranger's Gift\" by Hermann Bokum. The first mention of the Christmas tree in American literature was in a story in the 1836 edition of \"The Token and Atlantic Souvenir\" titled \"New Year's","was released on 12 November 2010. Entitled \"He Will Have His Way\" all tracks on this album are performed by Australasian male artists. In November 2011 there was an Australian tour by various artists involved with the \"She Will Have Her Way\" and \"He Will Have His Way\" projects including","John Marshall Law School and the University of Chicago Divinity School. The Chicago metropolitan area is the third-largest media market in North America after New York City and Los Angeles. Each of the big four U.S. television networks CBS ABC NBC and Fox directly owns and operates a high-definition television","edition was published in 1933. Since then six more editions have been published. It is especially used in libraries in India. Its name \"colon classification\" comes from the use of colons to separate facets in class numbers. However many other classification schemes some of which are completely unrelated also use","motto of the show. Edited reruns are carried on XM Satellite Radio via both the Public Radio and NPR Now channels. The \"Car Talk\" theme music was \"Dawggy Mountain Breakdown\" by bluegrass artist David Grisman. Throughout the program listeners were encouraged to dial the toll-free telephone number 1-888-CAR-TALK (1-888-227-8255) which","China particularly T.F. Tsiang and John Fairbank used newly opened archives in the 1930s to write modern history from a Chinese point of view. Fairbank and Teng Ssu-yu then edited the influential volume \"China's Response to the West\" (1953). This approach was attacked for ascribing the change in China to","the binary stars and some other stars of the heavens)\". There is a facsimile edition with an English translation by Alec Eden. In this work Doppler postulated his principle (later coined the Doppler effect) that the observed frequency of a wave depends on the relative speed of the source and","through small images called \"icons\" and other elements. For example a text file might be represented by a picture of a paper notebook and clicking while the cursor hovers this icon might cause a text editing program to open the file in a window. Different ways of operating the mouse","Vignola's book \"was to have an astonishing publishing history of over 500 editions in 400 years in ten languages Italian Dutch English Flemish French German Portuguese Russian Spanish Swedish during which it became perhaps the most influential book of all times\". The book consisted simply of an introduction followed by","to some extent the use of computers is now so widespread (in the editing of pop songs for instance) that the phrase computer-generated music is generally used to mean a kind of music which could not have been created \"without\" the use of computers. We can distinguish two groups of","the book's 2014 anniversary edition published by Editions Soleil and translated by Gaid Girard. Le Fanu presents the story as part of the casebook of Dr. Hesselius whose departures from medical orthodoxy rank him as the first occult detective in literature. Laura the teenage protagonist narrates beginning with her childhood","valved cornet described here. The 11th edition of the \"Encyclopædia Britannica\" referred to serpents as \"old wooden cornets\". The Roman/Etruscan cornu (or simply \"horn\") is the lingual ancestor of these. It is a predecessor of the post horn from which the cornet evolved and was used like a bugle to","volume of his science fiction output is relatively small because of his time-consuming profession and his early death. Smith's works consist of: One novel originally published in two volumes in edited form as \"The Planet Buyer\" also known as \"The Boy Who Bought Old Earth\" (1964) and \"The Underpeople\" (1968)","century and was reprinted frequently. Gervase Markham edited and commented on the list in his \"The Gentleman's Academic\" in 1595. The book's popularity had the effect of perpetuating many of these terms as part of the Standard English lexicon even if they have long ceased to have any practical application.","user uses a disk editor to edit the file names in the directory entries. User applications however will usually not allow the user to create multiple files with the same name but differing in case. Most computers organize files into hierarchies using folders directories or catalogs. The concept is the","semantic knowledge (i.e. additional facts and rules of thumb) involving the concepts in its knowledge base; it also includes a large lexicon English parsing and generation tools and Java based interfaces for knowledge editing and querying. In addition it contains a system for Ontology-based data integration. As of 2017 regular","same work published in 1925 included a \"Preface to the","The game system underwent only minor rules changes in its first six editions (between 1981 and 2011); the current seventh edition released 2014 includes more significant rules alterations than in any previous release. For those grounded in the RPG tradition the very first release of \"Call of Cthulhu\" created a","advertises a new edition of his works specifically noting that it is printed as a codex taking less space than a scroll and more comfortable to hold in one hand. According to Theodore Cressy Skeat this might be the first recorded known case of an entire edition of a literary","(1827) which became the \"Encyclopædia Metropolitana\" article of 1829 Babbage developed the schematic classification of machines that combined with discussion of factories made up the first part of the book. The second part considered the \"domestic and political economy\" of manufactures. The book sold well and quickly went to a","edited by Andrew Arato Amy Allen and Andreas Kalyvas. Seyla Benhabib is a co-founding former editor and Nancy Fraser a former co-editor.","new and/or hugely popular strips). Starting in the late 1940s the national syndicates which distributed newspaper comic strips subjected them to very strict censorship. \"Li'l Abner\" was censored in September 1947 and was pulled from the Pittsburg Press by Scripps-Howard. The controversy as reported in \"Time\" centered on Capp's portrayal","files but the material was late incomplete and well-nigh useless.\" Steve Jackson Games won a lawsuit against the Secret Service aided by the new Electronic Frontier Foundation. This event has achieved a sort of notoriety which has extended to the book itself as well. All published editions of \"GURPS Cyberpunk\"","a 12-inch of the track was released featuring artwork by Shepard Fairey. In 2008 he contributed a chapter to \"Sound Unbound: Sampling Digital Music and Culture\" (The MIT Press 2008) edited by Paul D. Miller a.k.a. DJ Spooky and also turned up on The Go! Team's album \"Proof of Youth\"","the 1962 edition of the essay as \"Clarke's Law\". The second law is offered as a simple observation in the same essay. Its status as Clarke's second law was conferred by others. In the 1973 revision of \"Profiles of the Future\" Clarke acknowledged it as his second law and proposed","Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints. While some of the prose in the new revelations seems designed to guide the denomination on matters of church governance and doctrine others are seen as inspirational. One such example can be cited from section 161 presented as counsel to the church","this series. Celebrating the anniversary of the franchise a new \"Doraemon\" series began airing on TV Asahi on April 15 2005 with new voice actors and staff and updated character designs. This version is sometimes referred to in Asia as the Mizuta Edition as Wasabi Mizuta is the voice actress","in the Niederdorf. Zürich Dada with Tzara at the helm published the art and literature review \"Dada\" beginning in July 1917 with five editions from Zürich and the final two from Paris. Other artists such as André Breton and Philippe Soupault created \u201cliterature groups to help extend the influence of","in appropriate technology. The college is also one of only 17 U.S. universities to offer a bachelor's degree in architectural engineering and only one of five private institutions to do so. The 2006 edition of U.S. News ranks the undergraduate engineering program #57 in the country and the 2007 edition","that one of the most revered and talented entertainers of our time will continue to call CBS 'home.' According to a 2007 article in \"Forbes\" magazine Letterman earned  million a year. A 2009 article in \"The New York Times\" however said his salary was estimated at  million per year. In","tests could be used clinically. The most widely used criteria for diagnosing depressive conditions are found in the American Psychiatric Association's revised fourth edition of the \"Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders\" (DSM-IV-TR) and the World Health Organization's \"International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems\" (ICD-10) which","in part on the story of the Scottish castaway Alexander Selkirk who spent four years stranded in the Juan Fernández Islands but this is inconsistent with the details of the narrative. The island Selkirk lived on was named Más a Tierra (Closer to Land) at the time and was renamed","place for several years and an Alameda Park collectors edition disc still exists though rare as few were made. Clifford Towne from this group went on to hold a National Time Aloft record. Two early coordinators of the sport are George Sappenfield and Kevin Donnelly who through similar backgrounds and","invades his bathroom \u2014 Milligan naked hurls a soap sponge at it) and Lenny Henry. Jon Culshaw frequently impersonates the Fourth Doctor in the BBC \"Dead Ringers\" series. \"Doctor Who\" fandom has also been lampooned on programs such as \"Saturday Night Live\" \"The Chaser's War on Everything\" \"Mystery Science Theater 3000\"","in September the printing was finished in December and the book came out on 16 January 1605. The novel was an immediate success. The majority of the 400 copies of the first edition were sent to the New World with the publisher hoping to get a better price in the","needed. Data may be freely inserted deleted and edited in these tables with the DBMS doing whatever maintenance needed to present a table view to the application/user. The relational model also allowed the content of the database to evolve without constant rewriting of links and pointers. The relational part comes","art of ordering tones or sounds in succession in combination and in temporal relationships to produce a composition having unity and continuity\" (\"Webster's Collegiate Dictionary\" online edition). This approach to the definition focuses not on the \"construction\" but on the \"experience\" of music. An extreme statement of the position has","quickly followed by a French translation in which Hilbert added V.2 the Completeness Axiom. An English translation authorized by Hilbert was made by E.J. Townsend and copyrighted in 1902. This translation incorporated the changes made in the French translation and so is considered to be a translation of the 2nd","1884 novella \"Flatland\" by Edwin A. Abbott. Isaac Asimov in his foreword to the Signet Classics 1984 edition described \"Flatland\" as \"The best introduction one can find into the manner of perceiving dimensions.\" The idea of other dimensions was incorporated into many early science fiction stories appearing prominently for example","at least 1865. The 1877 edition to \"British Rural Sports\" by John Henry Walsh makes note of a \"Mr. Young\" plunging 56 feet in 1870 and also states that 25 years prior a swimmer named Drake could cover 53 feet. The English Amateur Swimming Association (at the time called the","Coptic Gothic and Deseret scripts. Deseret glyphs are also available in the popular pan-Unicode fonts Code2001 and Everson Mono (as of version 5.1.5). Although the Deseret alphabet has letter case the only difference between the minuscule and majuscule forms is that the majuscule forms are larger. A degree of free","tournaments Zoff established a record for most consecutive minutes unbeaten in a European Championship which was later beaten by Iker Casillas in 2012. Zoff had also established the record for most minutes unbeaten European Championship qualifying which was also beaten by compatriot Buffon in 2011. He still holds the record","1607 edition of \"Britannia\" describes Cornwall and Devon as being two parts of the same 'country' which: Camden had learnt some Welsh during the course of his studies and it would appear that he is the origin of the interpretation of Dumnonii as \"deep valley dwellers\" from his understanding of","in print include a 1908 edition of the \"Hamilton Spectator\" a 1914 edition of \"The Northern Territory Times and Gazette\" and a 1919 issue of \"Smith's Weekly\" where it was referred to as an \"infernal didjerry\" which \"produced but one sound \u2013 (phonic) didjerry didjerry didjerry and so on ad","branch is the most popular Debian edition for personal computers and network servers and has been used as a base for many other distributions. The project's work is carried out over the Internet by a team of volunteers guided by the Debian Project Leader and three foundational documents: the Debian","like Bob Dylan or The Beatles the particulars of his catalogue did not bear this out. The magazine has since excised the article from subsequent editions","the country that also had \"some graduate coexistence\" and \"very high research activity.\" For its graduate programs \"U.S. News\" ranks Dartmouth's MBA program 9th overall and 6th for management. Among its other highly ranked graduate offerings the school is ranked 40th in computer science 29th in medicine for primary care","Turgot Baron de Laune declined to contribute further to a book which had acquired a bad reputation. Diderot was left to finish the task as best he could. He wrote several hundred articles some very slight but many of them laborious comprehensive and long. He damaged his eyesight correcting proofs","Camden in his 1607 edition of \"Britannia\" described Devon as being one part of an older wider country that once included Cornwall: The term \"Devon\" is normally used for everyday purposes e.g. \"Devon County Council\" but \"Devonshire\" continues to be used in the names of the \"Devonshire and Dorset Regiment\"","example the word \"God\" has changed from classical Chinese term \"Cheon-ju (천주)\" to native Korean word \"ha-neu-nim (하느님)\" in accordance with to the Public Christian translation and as used in 1994 Common Translation Bible (gong-dong beon-yeok-seong-seo) that the Church currently uses. As the Philippines is connected to the worldwide Anglican","widely used. The first edition was printed at Venice in 1483 by Raynald de Novimagio in folio; the latest at Paris 1556 1557. While modern Breviaries are nearly always printed in four volumes one for each season of the year the editions of the Sarum never exceeded two parts. At","the design and verification of a wide range of home use and point of care medical devices along with other applicable standards in the IEC 60601 3rd edition series. The mandatory date for implementation of the EN European version of the standard is June 1 2013. The US FDA requires","and replication. The name \"Berkeley DB\" is given to three different products: Each edition has separate database libraries despite the common branding. The first is the traditional Berkeley DB written in C. It contains several database implementations including a B-tree and one built around extensible hashing. It supports multiple language","Budweiser began canning their beer in 1936. This new packaging led to an increase in sales which lasted until the start of World War II in 1939. Over the years Budweiser cans have undergone various design changes in response to market conditions and consumer tastes. Since 1936 12 major can","of Pontus's lost work giving the runner's name as either Thersipus of Erchius or Eucles. Lucian of Samosata (2nd century AD) gives the same story but names the runner Philippides (not Pheidippides). It should be noted that in some medieval codices of Herodotus the name of the runner between Athens","television broadcasts. By the release of Season 2 tapes included closed captioning of dialogue and Dolby Surround sound. Columbia House began distributing NTSC tapes via mail order in 1997 followed by repackaged collector's editions and three-tape boxed sets in 1999 by which time the original pilot telefilm had been replaced","contemporary Catholic sources (notably the Jesuit periodical \"La Civiltà Cattolica\") promoted the blood libel as truth. Today the accusations are almost entirely discredited in Catholic circles and the cults associated with them have fallen into disfavour. For example Simon of Trent was deleted from the Calendar of Saints in 1965","many editions of Playford's \"The Dancing Master\". Playford only gives the floor patterns of the dances with no indication of the steps. However other sources of the period such as the writings of the French dancing-masters Feuillet and Lorin indicate that steps more complicated than simple walking were used at","movie theaters; the accelerated acquisition of pre-existing pre-sold properties for film adaptations that can be readily leveraged for merchandizing tie-ins; the primacy of the MPAA PG-13 as the target rating for film producers; and more off-beat non-traditional casting opportunities for genre films. The American Film Institute anointed Batman the 46th","being released to DVD for the film's 10th anniversary in 2005. While all four previous \"Batman\" films were given special edition DVD releases on the same day as the \"Batman Begins\" DVD release none of them were given extended cuts although some of the following scenes were in a deleted","was easier for the crew and it was easier for us and people seemed to like it.\" Mumy attends \"Lost in Space\" reunions","\"Dungeons & Dragons\" was published this edition is now long out of print. The game was inspired by Richard Adams' fantasy novel \"Watership Down\" and the players were given the opportunity to take on the role of rabbits. As such the game emphasized role-playing over combat for according to Steffan","and art design by Jim Titus. This new Limited Edition is of 2500 units. Track listing Bonus Tracks Total Time: 72:13 \"Batman\" premiered at the Paramount Theatre in Austin Texas on July 30 1966 (between the first and second seasons of the TV series); it was moderately successful at the","\"Matlock\" in a 1989 episode entitled \"The Blues Singer\". Happy Traum a former guitar student of McGhee's edited a blues guitar instruction guide and songbook \"Guitar Styles of Brownie McGhee\" published in 1971 in which McGhee between lessons talked about his life and the blues. The autobiographical section features McGhee","13 2008 Costas appeared on MSNBC's commercial-free special coverage of \"Remembering Tim Russert (1950~2008)\". On January 30 2009 Costas guest-starred as himself on the television series \"Monk\" in an episode titled \"Mr. Monk Makes the Playoffs\"'. He mentions to Captain Stottlemeyer about how Adrian Monk once helped him out of","the \"Warcraft II\" CD. The programmers of the clone shut down their site without challenge. Soon after that the developers regrouped to continue the work by the name of \"Stratagus\". On December 5 2008 Blizzard issued a cease and desist letter to many administrators of high population \"World of Warcraft\"","enjoy. It is inspiring!\" In 1999 Unusual Films began producing feature films for children including \"The Treasure Map\" \"Project Dinosaur\" and \"Appalachian Trial\". They also released a short animated film for children \"The Golden Rom\". Unusual Films returned to their customary format in 2011 with their release of \"Milltown Pride\"","revised version of Bliss's system the Bliss Bibliographic Classification (Second Edition) or BC2. This retains only the broad outlines of Bliss's scheme replacing most of the detailed notation with a new scheme based on the principles of faceted classification. 15 of approximately 28 volumes of schedules have so far been","environment and genetics both allowed and compelled him to write his book. Similarly the environment and genetic potentials of the advocates of freedom and dignity cause them to resist the reality that their own activities are deterministically grounded. J. E. R. Staddon (\"The New Behaviorism 2nd Edition\" 2014) has argued","The Life & Work Of Barney Bubbles\" by Paul Gorman was published in 2008. The book was welcomed as a long-overdue recognition of Bubbles' achievements and selected by British music magazine \"Mojo\" as its \"Book of the Year\". A revised second edition of \"Reasons to Be Cheerful\" was published in","the immediate post-war period put a significant emphasis on balance in trade. For example the second edition of the popular introductory textbook \"An Outline of Money\" devoted the last three of its ten chapters to questions of foreign exchange management and in particular the 'problem of balance'. However in more","coined in a paper published in the July 1972 edition of the \"Journal of Chronic Diseases\" by Ancel Keys and others. In this paper Keys argued that what he termed the BMI was \"...if not fully satisfactory at least as good as any other relative weight index as an indicator","is actually due to Sluse in his Mesolabum (1668 edition) Chapter IV \"De maximis & minimis\". For \"r\" = 0 is equivalent to 1 ≥ 1 which is true as required. Now suppose the statement is true for \"r\" = \"k\": Then it follows that By induction we conclude the statement is true for all \"r\" ≥ 0. The","in the Tribute Cornwall/Devon league; a level 8 league in the English rugby union system. The Royal Cornwall Golf Club (now defunct) was located on Bodmin Moor. It was founded in 1889. The club disbanded following WW2. There is an active running club: Bodmin RoadRunners. The \"Cornish Guardian\" is a","multiple trade paperback editions (one in standard comics paper with simpler coloring and one deluxe version with rich detailing in the colors \u2014 both colored by Richmond Lewis) and it has been included in \"The Complete Frank Miller Batman\" hardcover. The story arc was adapted into an in 2011. The","amateurs casually call ITA2 and variants \"Baudot\" incorrectly and even the American Radio Relay League's Amateur Radio Handbook does so though in more recent editions the tables of codes correctly identifies it as ITA2. NOTE: This table presumes the space called \"1\" by Baudot and Murray is rightmost and least","1%. The fifth edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-5) was released in May 2013. There are several proposed revisions to occur in the diagnostic criteria of Bipolar I Disorder and its subtypes. For Bipolar I Disorder 296.40 Most Recent Episode Hypomanic and 296.4x Most Recent","DVD in 2004 by AnimEigo. The company later successfully crowdfunded a collector's edition Blu-ray release through Kickstarter in November 2013. The series is currently available for streaming on Night Flight Plus. There are 8 soundtrack releases (one per OVA) as well as numerous \"vocal\" albums which feature songs \"inspired by\"","the sweetness of American tonic water. A Special edition of Bombay Gin called Star of Bombay was produced in 2015 for the UK Market. It is bottled at 47.5% and is distilled from grain. The brand started a series of design collaborations. Their first step into the design world was","free copy of BeOS R5 known as BeOS Personal Edition (BeOS PE). BeOS PE could be started from within Microsoft Windows or Linux and was intended to nurture consumer interest in its product and give developers something to tinker with. Be Inc. also released a stripped-down version of BeOS for","Brahui. The 2013 edition of Ethnologue reports that there are 4 million speakers of the language and primarily in the Pakistan province of Balochistan. There are also an unknown very small number of expatriate Brahuis in the Arab States of the Persian Gulf Iranian Balochistan and Turkmenistan. There are no","Porrentruy. The bishop's crook was however retained as the city's coat of arms. For the centuries to come a handful of wealthy families collectively referred to as the \"Daig\" played a pivotal role in city affairs as they gradually established themselves as a \"de facto\" city aristocracy. The first edition","annual temperature (y-axis) to classify biome-types. The multiauthored series \"Ecosystems of the world\" edited by David W. Goodall provides a comprehensive coverage of the major \"ecosystem types or biomes\" on earth: The eponymously-named Heinrich Walter classification scheme considers the seasonality of temperature and precipitation. The system also assessing precipitation and","solving the radial component of the Schrödinger's Equation with hypothetical cylindrical infinite potential barrier. For reference see p. 154 Introduction to Quantum Mechanics by Griffiths 2nd Edition. This differential equation and the Riccati\u2013Bessel solutions also arises in the problem of scattering of electromagnetic waves by a sphere known as Mie scattering","Peirce's development are often combined requiring frequent visits to editors' notes. Edited (1\u20136) by Charles Hartshorne and Paul Weiss and (7\u20138) by Arthur Burks in print and online. 1975\u201387: \"Charles Sanders Peirce: Contributions to\" The Nation 4 volumes includes Peirce's more than 300 reviews and articles published 1869\u20131908 in \"The","title page in English \u2013 so far the earliest-found usage of \"Vulgar Era\" in English. A 1701 book edited by John LeClerc includes \"Before Christ according to the Vulgar Æra 6\". A 1716 book in English by Dean Humphrey Prideaux says \"before the beginning of the vulgar æra by which","at","the New Testament text \u2014 the main part of which reappeared the following year in the prolegomena to his first edition of the Greek New Testament. His critical apparatus included variant readings from earlier scholars \u2014 Elsevier Georg Christian Knapp Johann Martin Augustin Scholz and as recent as Karl Lachmann","in imaginative literature\". He published at his own expense a volume containing six of his best stories \"The Double Shadow and Other Fantasies\" in an edition of 1000 copies printed by the \"Auburn Journal\". The theme of much of his work is egotism and its supernatural punishment; his weird fiction","and the \"Essential Prescriptions of the Golden Casket\" which were edited separately in the eleventh century under the Song dynasty. In the centuries that followed several shorter books tried to summarize or systematize its contents of the book \"Yellow Emperor's Inner Canon\". The \"Canon of Problems\" (probably second century CE)","the university. Students from both Teachers College and Barnard College graduate with Columbia University degrees. Furthermore Teachers College is incorporated as an academic department of Columbia University serving as the University's Graduate School of Education and Department of Education. Joint undergraduate programs are available through the Jewish Theological Seminary of","of the Prussian army's efforts to construct a \"cordon sanitaire\" to contain the great cholera outbreak (the first time cholera had appeared in modern heartland Europe causing a continent-wide panic). Clausewitz himself died of the same disease shortly afterwards on 17 November 1831. His widow edited published and wrote the","episode \"Paranormal Parentage\" the characters Abed Nadir (Danny Pudi) and Troy Barnes (Donald Glover) dress as Calvin and Hobbes respectively for Halloween. British artists merchandisers booksellers and philosophers were interviewed for a 2009 BBC Radio 4 half-hour programme about the abiding popularity of the comic strip narrated by Phill Jupitus.","Eisner popularized the term \"graphic novel\" when he used it on the cover of the paperback edition of his work \"A Contract with God and Other Tenement Stories\" in 1978. The 1970s saw the advent of specialty comic book stores. Initially comic books were marketed by publishers to children because","which is Egypt's 2nd largest stadium Cairo's largest one and one of the largest stadiums in the world. The Cairo International Stadium was built in 1960 and its multi-purpose sports complex that houses the main football stadium an indoor stadium several satellite fields that held several regional continental and global","\"The North American Review\" warns audiences not to expect immediate affinity with Mozart Verdi or Puccini: \"You have to submit yourself to a much slower pace to a much more chaste conception of melody to a vocal style that is at first merely like dry declamation and only on repeated","public life of the Cornish language and people. In 2007 the Cornish Language Partnership MAGA represents separate divisions of government and their purpose is to further enhance the Cornish Language Developmental Plan. MAGA established an \"Ad-Hoc Group\" which resulted in three orthographies being presented. The relations for the Ad-Hoc Group","public life. During his censorship of 47-8 Tacitus allows the reader a glimpse of a Claudius who is more statesmanlike (XI.23-25) but it is a mere glimpse. Tacitus is usually held to have 'hidden' his use of Claudius' writings and to have omitted Claudius' character from his works. Even his","that it describes is commonly referred to as \"K&R C\". The second edition of the book covers the later ANSI C standard described below. K&R introduced several language features: Even after the publication of the 1989 ANSI standard for many years K&R C was still considered the \"lowest common denominator\"","Language first edition. A second edition published in 1990 incorporated many changes to the language made during the ANSI Common Lisp standardization process. The final ANSI Common Lisp standard then was published in 1994. Since then no update to the standard has been published. Various extensions and improvements to Common","Radio Cambridgeshire where he took advantage of access to editing and recording equipment to create elaborate spoofs and parodies. He also spent time in early 1987 hosting a 2\u20134pm afternoon show and finally ended up presenting Saturday morning show \"I.T.\" In July 1987 he moved on to BBC Radio Bristol","football and ultimate frisbee. The Cayman Islands Olympic Committee was founded in 1973 and was recognised by the IOC (International Olympic Committee) in 1976. In the 21st century skateboarding has become popular among the youth. In February 2010","p. 124 (German edition) and in \"Theories of Surplus Value\" tome II p. 493 (German edition). Marx did not extensively use the form capitalism but instead those of capitalist and capitalist mode of production\"\" which appear more than 2600 times in the trilogy The \"Capital.\" According to the \"Oxford English Dictionary\" (OED)","of movement official corruption and restrictions on workers' rights. The State Department report","$723800. \"Citizen Kane\" was edited by Robert Wise and assistant editor Mark Robson. Both would become successful film directors. Wise was hired after Welles finished shooting the \"camera tests\" and began officially making the film. Wise said that Welles \"had an older editor assigned to him for those tests and","almost any other filmmaker at the time. If he was out of ideas he often took a break from the shoot which could last for days while keeping the studio ready for when inspiration returned. Delaying the process further was Chaplin's rigorous perfectionism. According to his friend Ivor Montagu \"nothing","the English language \u2014 \"The Mother Tongue\" and \"Made in America\" \u2014 and more recently an update of his guide to usage \"Bryson's Dictionary of Troublesome Words\" (published in its first edition as \"The Penguin Dictionary of Troublesome Words\" in 1983). In 2012 Bryson sued his agent Jed Mattes Inc. in New","bass grew less prominent as a means of holding performance together the performance practices of the mid-18th century continued to die out. However at the same time complete editions of Baroque masters began to become available and the influence of Baroque style continued to grow particularly in the ever more","David Whittaker (Amiga) and Tim Follin (Atari ST ZX Spectrum). On November 11 2016 the game (alongside 29 other games) was included in the NES Classic Edition (known as the Nintendo Classic Mini in Europe). The arcade version of \"Bubble Bobble\" was widely bootlegged in its day but due to","1735 and 1738 where he studied and also published a first edition of his \"\" in the Netherlands. He then returned to Sweden where he became professor of medicine and botany at Uppsala. In the 1740s he was sent on several journeys through Sweden to find and classify plants and","fifth edition of the DSM it is written that a variety of medical conditions may cause catatonia especially neurological conditions: encephalitis cerebrovascular disease neoplasms head injury. Moreover metabolic conditions: homocystinuria diabetic ketoacidosis hepatic encephalopathy hypercalcaemia. It can be an adverse reaction to prescribed medication. It bears similarity to conditions such","the Grand Prince of Kyiv was granted to Great Novgorod around 1017 and in 1054 was incorporated into the \"Ruska Pravda\" that became the law for all of Kievan Rus. It survived only in later editions of the 15th century. In England Henry I's proclamation of the Charter of Liberties","producers of the TV show \"\" named one of the show's starships","was funded largely by the Danish government and was co-sponsored by \"The Economist\". A book summarizing the conclusions of the economists' first assessment \"Global Crises Global Solutions\" edited by Lomborg was published in October 2004 by Cambridge University Press. In 2006 Lomborg became director of the newly established Copenhagen Consensus","of Cicero and as scholars attempted to produce more accurate editions of ancient texts. Some of the principles of philology still used today developed during this period. For instance the observation that if a manuscript could be shown to be a copy of an earlier extant manuscript then it provides","years down the line considering the thing.\" Besides a Big Audio Dynamite reunion Letts said he was also hopeful for more Legacy Editions of the group's albums after finding more unreleased material\u2014including live recordings\u2014in the vaults. \"There's definitely more stuff; whether Sony thinks it's worthwhile that's another matter. But there","and tunicates. The matter is not yet settled. The following schema is from the third edition of \"Vertebrate Palaeontology\". The invertebrate chordate classes are from Fishes of the World. While it is structured so as to reflect evolutionary relationships (similar to a cladogram) it also retains the traditional ranks used","thing namely that the meane is more commendable then the excellency. Many of the elaborate chess sets used by the aristocracy have been lost but others partially survive such as the Lewis chessmen. Chess was often used as a basis of sermons on morality. An example is \"Liber de moribus","to a bilateral treaty or established international convention such as the Berne Convention or WIPO Copyright Treaty. Improper use of materials outside of legislation is deemed \"unauthorized edition\" not copyright infringement. Copyright infringement most often occurs to software film and music. However infringement upon books and other text works remains","empower themselves to prevent HIV. In 2008 Theron was named a United Nations Messenger of Peace. In his citation Ban Ki-Moon said of Theron \"You have consistently dedicated yourself to improving the lives of women and children in South Africa and to preventing and stopping violence against women and girls.\"","the English Court of Common Pleas and a Member of Parliament wrote several legal texts that collected and integrated centuries of case law. Lawyers in both England and America learned the law from his \"Institutes\" and \"Reports\" until the end of the 18th century. His works are still cited by","Dolly Parton a successful mainstream country artist since the late 1960s mounted a high-profile campaign to cross over to pop music culminating in her 1977 hit \"Here You Come Again\" which topped the U.S. country singles chart and also reached No. 3 on the pop singles charts. Parton's male counterpart","including its secret protocol dividing eastern Europe the 1939 German-Soviet Commercial Agreement and discussions of the Soviet Union potentially becoming the fourth Axis Power. In response one month later the Soviet Union published \"Falsifiers of History\" a Stalin edited and partially re-written book attacking the West. The book did not","paper edition. \"The Factbook\" is available in the form of a website that is partially updated every week. It is also available for download for use off-line. It provides a two- to three-page summary of the demographics geography communications government economy and military of each of 267 international entities including","the children's science-fiction television series \"Land of the Lost\" titled \"The Search\". After leaving \"Analog\" in 1978 Bova went on to edit \"Omni\" from 1978 to 1982. Bova holds the position of President Emeritus of the National Space Society and served as President of Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of","people have in common. Cultural expressions in Colombia are promoted by the government through the Ministry of Culture. Colombian literature dates back to pre-Columbian era; a notable example of the period is the epic poem known as the \"Legend of Yurupary\". In Spanish colonial times notable writers include Juan de","European writers to refer to the Druzes by name. The word \"\" (\"Druzes\") occurs in an early Hebrew edition of his travels but it is clear that this is a scribal error. Be that as it may he described the Druze as \"mountain dwellers monotheists who believe in 'soul eternity'","later in the US it reached number eight and earned the band a second gold single. It won \"Best British single\" at the 1991 Brit Awards. To promote their new album \"Violator\" the band held an in-store autograph signing at Wherehouse Entertainment in Los Angeles. The event attracted approximately 20000","sushi bar a movie set a subway and a hotel. The story continues in the \"Atomic Edition\". In \"Episode Four: \"The Birth\"\" it is revealed that the aliens used a captured woman to give birth to the Alien Queen a creature which can quickly spawn deadly alien protector drones. Duke","change to a different iteration of the currently playing song based on the player's actions such as when the player starts a conversation engages in combat or transitions to the next level. All the music in the game is tracked - Gabrels' contribution \"NYC Bar\" was converted to a module","structure of the Sechuana Language\". Jones had made an earlier notable attempt at a pronunciation dictionary but it was now that he produced the first edition of his famous \"English Pronouncing Dictionary\" a work which in revised form is still in print. It was here that the cardinal vowel diagram","Simon Bates (Tony Britton) from General Pugh's clutches in Dover Castle. While originally conceived and edited for American television (and announced in an advertisement by NBC in the Tuesday July 9 1963 issue of \"The Hollywood Reporter\") \"The Scarecrow of Romney Marsh\" was re-edited for a British theatrical run before","John Francis Bray and Percy Ravenstone. Georgists believe that rent in the sense that Ricardo used belongs to the community as a whole. Henry George was greatly influenced by Ricardo and often cited him including in his most famous work Progress and Poverty from 1879. In the preface to the","editions of the Bible include text from both deuterocanonical and non-canonical scriptures in a single section designated \"Apocrypha\". This arrangement can lead to conflation between the otherwise distinct terms \"deuterocanonical\" and \"apocryphal\". Philip Schaff says that \"the Council of Hippo in 393 and the third (according to another reckoning the","keep the discussion and conversation alive. Between 1870 and 1900 two journals emerged as the most prominent. The \"Christian Standard\" was edited and published by Isaac Errett of Cincinnati. \"The Christian Evangelist\" was edited and published by J. H. Garrison from St. Louis. The two men enjoyed a friendly rivalry","the Younger) and Kerry Thornley (Omar Khayyam Ravenhurst). Among other things it contains the long-missing","the Spice Girls contributed to his celebrity beyond football. Beckham became known as a fashion icon and together with Victoria the couple became lucrative spokespeople sought after by clothing designers health and fitness specialists fashion magazines perfume and cosmetics manufacturers hair stylists exercise promoters and spa and recreation companies. One","between 1837 and 1868. Brewster also edited the 18-volume \"Edinburgh Encyclopædia\". David Brewster was born at the Canongate in Jedburgh Roxburghshire to Margaret Key (1753\u20131790) and James Brewster (c. 1735\u20131815) the rector of Jedburgh Grammar School and a teacher of high reputation. David was the third of six children two","23 major editions the latest issued in 2011 and has grown from a four-page pamphlet in 1876. It is also available in an abridged version suitable for smaller libraries. It is currently maintained by the Online Computer Library Center (OCLC) a non-profit cooperative that serves libraries. OCLC licenses access to","editing of new plays or operas by resident or guest playwrights or composers/librettists the creation of programs or accompanying educational services helping the director with rehearsals and serving as elucidator of history or spokesperson for deceased or otherwise absent playwrights or composers. At larger theatres or opera houses the dramaturge","incorporated in a model that did not emphasize a clear boundary between normality and abnormality. The idea that personality disorders did not involve emotional distress was discarded. An influential 1974 paper by Robert Spitzer and Joseph L. Fleiss demonstrated that the second edition of the DSM (DSM-II) was an unreliable","create a sense of jet speed. Home movie footage included in \"Inside the Making of Dr. Strangelove\" on the 2001 Special Edition DVD release of the film shows clips of the B-17 with a cursive \"Dr. Strangelove\" painted over the rear entry hatch on the right side of the fuselage.","\"Heart of Africa\" and \"Symphony of Voices\" by Spectrasonics. The \"Harem\" track samples from \"Heart of Asia\" the Sanskrit Female 1 samples. The game was released in \"Collector's Edition\" format containing bonus collector's material a copy of the \"Diablo\" \"Dungeons & Dragons\" pen-and-paper campaign setting and promotional movies for other","of King Josiah at the end of the 7th century BCE extended during the Babylonian exile (6th century BCE) and substantially complete by about 550 BCE although further editing was done even after then\u2014the silver quarter-shekel which Saul's servant offers to Samuel in 1 Samuel 9 \"almost certainly fixes the","\"Daode Tianjun\" in the Three Pure Ones one of the eight elders transformed from Taiji in the Chinese creation myth. Among the many transmitted editions of the \"Tao Te Ching\" text the three primary ones are named after early commentaries. The \"Yan Zun Version\" which is only extant for the","that Shostakovich borrows extensively from the material and styles both of earlier composers and of popular music; the vulgarity of \"low\" music is a notable influence on this \"greatest of eclectics\". McBurney traces this to the avant-garde artistic circles of the early Soviet period in which Shostakovich moved early in","tour. Dimmu Borgir's eighth studio album \"In Sorte Diaboli\" was released on 24 April 2007. A special edition version was released in a boxed case with a DVD backward-printed lyrics and a mirror. The album artwork was released on 14 February 2007 on a promotional webpage for the album. This","industry. Several future professional game designers started their careers making \"Doom\" WADs as a hobby among them Tim Willits who later became the lead designer at id Software. The first level editors appeared in early 1994 and additional tools have been created that allow most aspects of the game to","British editions have different prologues summarizing events in the previous novel. \"Dune Messiah\" and its sequel \"Children of Dune\" were collectively adapted by the Sci-Fi Channel in 2003 into a miniseries entitled \"Frank Herbert's Children of Dune\". In 2002 the Science Fiction Book Club also published the two novels in","The group published a newsletter and released a compilation LP on Mystic Records in 1986 which was entitled \"Mutiny On The Bowery.\" The compilation featured live recordings from the group's benefit concerts. Among other active members of the APRC were WFMU-FM DJ Pat Duncan MaximumRockNRoll columnist Mykel Board and \"Jersey","of continuity editing made most early films rife with such errors. Another example occurs in the 1998 film \"Waking Ned\" when two of the film's characters Jackie and Michael are walking through a storm towards Ned's house. The umbrella they are under is black during their conversation as they walk","in revenge for his own queer name does bestow still queerer ones upon his fictitious creations.\" He contributed to and edited journals throughout his literary career. In January 1835 the \"Morning Chronicle\" launched an evening edition under the editorship of the \"Chronicle\"'s music critic George Hogarth. Hogarth invited Dickens to","have been his descendants. Catullus's poems have been preserved in an anthology of 116 \"carmina\" (the actual number of poems may slightly vary in various editions) which can be divided into three parts according to their form: sixty short poems in varying meters called \"polymetra\" eight longer poems and forty-eight","editions of the standard works include a number of non-canonical study aids including a Bible dictionary photographs maps and gazetteer topical guide index footnotes cross references and excerpts from the Joseph Smith Translation of the Bible (JST). Under the LDS Church's doctrine of continuing revelation Latter-day Saints believe in the","computers. Customers could upgrade to the System/360 and retain their IBM 7094 or IBM 1401 application software. Computer programming is the process of writing or editing source code. Editing source code involves testing analyzing refining and sometimes coordinating with other programmers on a jointly developed program. A person who practices","decided not to agree to DNA testing. Bryan Sykes professor of genetics at Oxford University understands this decision: \"The Confucius family tree has an enormous cultural significance\" he said. \"It's not just a scientific question.\" The DNA testing was originally proposed to add new members many of whose family record","The \"Zhonghua Zihai\" (1994) contains 85568 head entries for character definitions and is the largest reference work based purely on character and its literary variants. The CC-CEDICT project (2010) contains 97404 contemporary entries including idioms technology terms and names of political figures businesses and products. The 2009 version of the","to learn within and preserve their own culture. By the late 1980s the program had been in decline and in 1996 it was discontinued. In 2016 three lawsuits against the LDS Church were filed in the Navajo Nation District Court alleging that participants in the program were sexually abused in","the world?\" He also became a popular lecturer and broadcaster and some of his writing originated as scripts for radio talks or lectures (including much of \"Mere Christianity\"). According to George Sayer losing a 1948 debate with Elizabeth Anscombe also a Christian led Lewis to re-evaluate his role as an","a Caltech alumnus. Unfortunately the tradition arose at different times in different Houses so Schmitt did not react as expected. Instead he just became confused. Caltech students have been known for the many pranks (also known as \"RFs\"). The two most famous in recent history are the changing of the","to an on-duty Assistant Chief. The Division of Fire operates a fire apparatus fleet of twenty-two engine companies eight ladder companies three tower companies two task force rescue squad companies hazardous materials (\"haz-mat\") unit and numerous other special support and reserve units. The current Chief of Department is Patrick Kelly.","In any case it is undisputed that for most of the last 2000 years Confucius was believed to have either written or edited these texts. The scholar Tu Weiming explains these classics as embodying \u201cfive visions\" which underlie the development of Confucianism: Confucianism revolves around the pursuit of the unity","comedies spoke originally either the literary Tuscan variety (which became modern Italian) or the Venetian dialect depending on their station in life. However","the world occupying the third place in Forbes Celebrity 100 2009 with $110 million of earnings and getting the tenth place in the 2010 edition of the list with annual earnings equal to $58 million. Celebrity endorsements have proven very successful around the world where due to increasing consumerism an","showed all 275 episodes in sequence once per night repeating the series a total of three times. As of 2012 \"Cheers\" has been repeated on UK satellite channel CBS Drama. Cheers is also shown on the UK free-to-air channel ITV4 where it is shown two episodes every weekday night. Because","from the 2000 edition. Anyone with a lot of time and a sense of purpose is encouraged to update our articles with the new data. Please state the World Factbook year to which the country has been updated when updating this list (i.e. \"updated to 2007\" not \"finished\"). Please annotate","Wall in the September edition of the \"International Society of Cryptozoology Newsletter\". According to Wall \"[It has been] suggested that new terms be coined to replace sensational and often misleading terms like 'monster'. My suggestion is 'cryptid' meaning a living thing having the quality of being hidden or unknown\". The","the lower Rhymney valley in Penylan noted for its Orchids and Forest Farm Country Park over along the river Taff in Whitchurch. Cardiff is one of the top ten retail destinations in the UK with two main shopping streets (Queen Street and St. Mary Street) and three main shopping arcades;","were fined but Baudelaire was not imprisoned. Six of the poems were suppressed but printed later as \"Les Épaves\" (\"The Wrecks\") (Brussels 1866). Another edition of \"Les Fleurs du mal\" without these poems but with considerable additions appeared in 1861. Many notables rallied behind Baudelaire and condemned the sentence. Victor","in front of a studio audience. Along with Danny John-Jules Charles is one of only two cast members to appear in every episode of \"Red Dwarf\" to date. Charles reads the audiobook editions of both the \"Red Dwarf\" novel \"Last Human\" and his book \"The Log: A Dwarfer's Guide to","costs $2000-16000 with the more expensive stations being able to render much faster due to the more technologically-advanced hardware that they contain. Professionals also use digital movie cameras motion/performance capture bluescreens film editing software props and other tools used for movie animation. The realistic modeling of human facial features is","a more scholarly and historical view of the Conan stories. It published hardcover editions in England which were republished in the United States by the Del Rey imprint of Ballantine Books. The first book \"Conan of Cimmeria: Volume One (1932\u20131933)\" (2003; published in the US as \"The Coming of Conan","32-bit applications are multitasked preemptively. 64-bit editions of Windows both for the x86-64 and Itanium architectures no longer support legacy 16-bit applications and thus provide preemptive multitasking for all supported applications. Another reason for multitasking was in the design of real-time computing systems where there are a number of possibly","and in their final report they formally concluded that UFOs regardless of what any of them actually were did not behave in a manner consistent with a threat to national security. Sociologist Ron Westrum writes that \"The high point of Sagan's treatment of the UFO question was the AAAS' symposium","visual fx/source Black termed a \u2018granular video synthesiser\u2019. Granul8 allows the use of realtime VJ techniques including video feedback combined with VDMX VJ software. From 2009 onwards Black has been collaborating with coder and psychedelic mathematician William Rood to create a forthcoming project called Liveloom a social media AV mixer.","era Cub infielders Joe Tinker Johnny Evers and Frank Chance were made famous as a double-play combination by Franklin P. Adams' poem \"Baseball's Sad Lexicon\". The poem first appeared in the July 18 1910 edition of the \"New York Evening Mail\". Mordecai \"Three-Finger\" Brown Jack Taylor Ed Reulbach Jack Pfiester","editing and publishing a usable and affordable text but the \"Divine Comedy\" was certainly used by the newly unified Italian government (see History of Italy) to encourage a more homogeneous Tuscan-influenced dialect for the whole peninsula (see Italian language). This relationship between ideology and serious work is particularly ambiguous in","editing. Codecs are used in videoconferencing streaming media and video editing applications. In the mid 20th century a codec was a device that coded analog signals into digital form using pulse-code modulation (PCM). Later the name was also applied to software for converting between digital signal formats including compander functions.","to the girls by Doyle. Christine told the expert Paul Atterbury that she believed as her mother had done that the fairies in the fifth photograph were genuine. Atterbury estimated the value of the items at between £25000 and £30000. The first edition of Frances' memoirs was published a few","Program\" (GDD) and the WHO and CDC \"Global Surveillance Systems\". For travelers the CDC publishes the book CDC Health Information for International Travel available online and in print as a new edition every other year. Known as the \"yellow book\" it includes current travel health guidelines recommendations for vaccination and","ITV after four years however it remains on ITV2. On 30 June 2011 it was confirmed that \"Coronation Street\" would return to its traditional 7:30 pm timeslot on a Wednesday evening in September 2012. A sixth weekly episode aired on Wednesdays at 8:30pm from 20 September 2017. ITV also confirmed on","latest editions have abandoned the use of the term \"CD-WO\" in favor of \"CD-R\" while \"CD-MO\" were used very little. Written CD-Rs and CD-RWs are in the aspect of low-level encoding and data format fully compatible with the audio CD (\"Red Book\" CD-DA) and data CD (\"Yellow Book\" CD-ROM) standards.","The domestic cat was first classified as \"Felis catus\" by Carl Linnaeus in the 10th edition of his \"Systema Naturae\" published in 1758. Because of modern phylogenetics domestic cats are usually regarded as another subspecies of the wildcat \"F. silvestris\". This has resulted in mixed usage of the terms as","World\" (third edition) that was published in 2005 and in the Catalogue of Life. The nominate subspecies is the Eurasian wolf (\"Canis lupus lupus\") also known as the common wolf. The subspecies includes the domestic dog dingo eastern wolf and red wolf. However the classification of several as either species","Fridtjov Nansen for instance describes the crossing of Greenland as \"På ski over Grønland\" literally \"On skis across Greenland\" while the English edition of the report was titled \"The first crossing of Greenland\". Nansen referred to the activity of traversing snow on skis as (he used the term also in","and the documentary includes film clips from his long career as a singer and actor. Marker had been working on a film about Chile with ISKRA since 1973. Marker had collaborated with Belgian sociologist Armand Mattelart and ISKRA members Valérie Mayoux and Jacqueline Meppiel to shoot and collect the visual","had the first edition of the Lewis and Clark journals in hand which contained Biddle's edited version of Lewis's observations dated May 5 1805. His account was published in 1823. Say was the first person to document the difference between a \"prairie wolf\" (coyote) and on the next page of","rum. Performances of opera mostly imported from Italy began in the 18th century but some native operas were written as well including the ones by Domènec Terradellas Carles Baguer Ramon Carles Isaac Albéniz and Enric Granados. The Barcelona main opera house Gran Teatre del Liceu (opened in 1847) remains one","been developed. The Microsoft .NET Micro Framework and Java Platform Micro Edition are embedded software platforms that like their larger cousins include garbage collection. Compile-time garbage collection is a form of static analysis allowing memory to be reused and reclaimed based on invariants known during compilation. This form of garbage","Coke cans and bottles in later years he was in the French Army the year the bottle was invented and did not emigrate to the United States until 1919. Others have attributed inspiration for the design not to the cocoa pod but to a Victorian hooped dress. In 1944 Associate","the building.\" Then within 90 minutes the rest of the spire's pieces were raised and riveted in sequence helping raise the tower's height to 1046 feet. Van Alen who witnessed the process from the street along with its engineers and Walter Chrysler compared the experience to watching a butterfly leaving","after its publication. COBOL-60 was replaced in 1961 by COBOL-61. This was then replaced by the COBOL-61 Extended specifications in 1963 which introduced the sort and report writer facilities. The added facilities corrected flaws identified by Honeywell in late 1959 in a letter to the short-range committee. COBOL Edition 1965","and Amman and half of a third Ottoman army. A subsequent pursuit by the 4th Cavalry Division and the Australian Mounted Division followed by the 5th Cavalry Division to Damascus. Armoured cars and 5th Cavalry Division lancers were continuing the pursuit of Ottoman units north of Aleppo when the Armistice","own investigation of the incident. The case was dismissed by the U.S Supreme Court. Ojeda Rios' funeral was attended by a long list of dignitaries including the highest authority of the Roman Catholic Church in Puerto Rico Archbishop Roberto Octavio González Nieves ex-Governor Rafael Hernández Colón and numerous other personalities.","trophy bears the engraved year and name of each FIFA World Cup winner since 1974. The description of the trophy by Gazzaniga was: \"The lines spring out from the base rising in spirals stretching out to receive the world. From the remarkable dynamic tensions of the compact body of the","(2004) in the United States and the Sense of Gender Award (2007) in Japan and has been nominated twice each for the Hugo Award Philip K. Dick Award and World Fantasy Award and short-listed for the James Tiptree Jr. Award. Her most popular anthology of short stories is \"Questionable Practices\"","2.2.0 included a map editor termed Civworld. It can create new scenarios as well as edit the map currently being played. Basic scripting is available with Freeciv but is not available in Civworld. Version 2.3 increased the limit of players from 30 to 126. There are different clients available SDL","\"Fudge 10th Anniversary Edition\" which includes several suggested rules systems for common RPG elements and an example basic fantasy \"build\" of the game. In March 2004 Grey Ghost Press acquired the copyright of \"Fudge\" and on April 6 2005 they released a version of \"Fudge\" under the Open Game License.","to share a common understanding of the Creed as the traditional and fundamental statement of the Christian faith. Immediately after the Old Catholic Church separated from the Catholic Church in 1871 its theologians initiated contact with the Orthodox Church. In 1874\u201375 representatives of the two churches held \"union conferences\" in","sheen (greater stereo separation of parts more strategic uses of reverb etc.) that is absent from the original 1983 7-inch single mix. The later \"1993 Classic Mix\" reissue is almost identical to the \"Come Fighting\" album version. The original airing of Relax on The Tube before the band were signed","A Go Go\" tour. On other releases this version is labeled as \"Born to Run (Live on the tube)\" This complete cassette was slightly edited rereleased in 2012 on CD Sexmix Disk 1 Tracks 1\u20135. By mistake the rerelease was originally printed in Monaural and was corrected via a mail-in","Christina Parsons. World Publishing issued a US edition of the first book in 1968 retaining the Ambrus illustrations. World (Cleveland and New York) also published US editions of the second and third books in 1969 and 1970 also with the original illustrations","game the last time a non-league side defeated a Level 1 club was in 1989 when Sutton United claimed a 2\u20131 victory at home over Coventry City who had won the FA Cup less than two years prior. In the 1971\u201372 FA Cup a non-league side achieved a Level 1","D (which has an area for studio audiences; and is used by \"Outnumbered\") Studio E (used for \"Fox & Friends\" \"Happening Now\" \"Your World with Neil Cavuto\" and certain editions of \"America's News HQ\") Studio F (used for The Story With Martha Maccallum The Five and America's Election Headquarters) Studio","Manchu\" a 15-episode serial considered to be one of the best the studio ever made. It was later edited and released as a feature film in 1943. Other than an obscure unauthorised 1946 Spanish spoof \"El Otro Fu Manchu\" the Devil Doctor was absent from the big screen for 25","in the fallout shelter (taken from the public information film \"Casualties\"). This version appeared on CD editions of the album. \"Annihilation\" was the basis for the \"Hibakusha\" mix which was originally released in a limited edition and appears on the Japanese-only 1985 album \"Bang!\". \"For The Victims Of Ravishment\" appeared","ordered Bacon to write the official government account of the trial which was later published as \"A DECLARATION of the Practices and Treasons attempted and committed by Robert late Earle of Essex and his Complices against her Majestie and her Kingdoms ...\" after Bacon's first draft was heavily edited by","the idea from the unofficial 1712 edition. Flamsteed designations gained popularity throughout the eighteenth century and are now commonly used when no Bayer designation exists. Where a Bayer designation with a Greek letter does exist for a star it is usually used in preference to the Flamsteed designation. (Flamsteed numbers","on character biographies three on vehicle comparisons and an interactive \"Making Of\" featurette were also included. Other features included Aki's dream viewable as a whole sequence the film's original opening sequence and intentional outtakes. Peter Bracke from \"High-Def Digest\" stated the DVD was \"so packed with extras it was almost","domains (philosophy ethnology linguistics architecture etc.). From 1955 to 1965 Guattari edited and contributed to \"La Voie Communiste\" (\"Communist Way\") a Trotskyist newspaper. He supported anti-colonialist struggles as well as the Italian Autonomists. Guattari also took part in the G.T.P.S.I. which gathered many psychiatrists at the beginning of the sixties","victory over relegation strugglers MK Dons on 2 April 2016. Fulham finished the 2015/16 Championship season in 20th place initially climbing up the table with several wins at the start of April 2016. The club then fell back to being just above the relegation zone following several large defeats towards","Journal of American Folklore\" published 1975. This edition is dedicated exclusively to articles on women's folklore with approaches that were not coming from a man's perspective. Other groups that were highlighted as part of this broadened understanding of the folk group were non-traditional families occupational groups and families that pursued","with the release of his film \"Body Double\". The BBC lifted its ban on \"Relax\" at the end of 1984 to allow the band to perform it on the Christmas edition of \"Top of the Pops\" (it had been aside from Band Aid of which Holly Johnson was a participant","tracks: In 2011 a remastered Deluxe Edition of \"Liverpool\" was released featuring a second disc containing rare and previously unreleased material. The first CD contains the LP version of the original album with extra tracks and the second CD","World's Fair. It was exhibited at the New York Hall of Science after the Fair ended. Capra's directing style relied on improvisation to a great extent. He was noted for going on the set with no more than the master scenes written. He explained his reasoning: According to some experts","context appears in a 1965 edition of MIT's \"Tech Engineering News\". \"Foobar\" may have come about as a result of the pre-existing \"Foo\" being conjoined with \"bar\" an addition borrowed from the military's FUBAR. The use of \"foo\" in a programming context is generally credited to the Tech Model Railroad","declared the province \"free of bullfights\". The province government of A Coruña approved a document supporting the abolition of these events. Televisión de Galicia (TVG) is the autonomous community's public channel which has broadcast since 24 July 1985 and is part of the Compañía de Radio-Televisión de Galicia (CRTVG). TVG","2016 version of the \"Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians\" Robert Anderson writes \"Shaw's collected writings on music stand alone in their mastery of English and compulsive readability.\" Shaw ceased to be a salaried music critic in August 1894 but published occasional articles on the subject throughout his career his","clear and meaningful benefits to the fetus or child; (2) no trade-off with other characteristics or traits; and (3) equal access to the genetic technology irrespective of income or other socioeconomic characteristics.\" As early in the history of biotechnology as 1990 there have been scientists opposed to attempts to modify","rules were originally published in the Castle & Crusade Society's fanzine \"The Domesday Book\". Guidon Games hired Gygax to produce a \"Wargaming with Miniatures\" series of games and a new edition of \"Chainmail\" (1971) was the first book in the series. The first edition of \"Chainmail\" included a fantasy supplement","the fictional equivalent of the Statue of Liberty. During Mr. Freeze\u2019s attempt to freeze Gotham in the film \"Batman & Robin\" the targeting screen for his giant laser locates it somewhere on the New England shoreline possibly as far north as Maine. The soundtrack for \"Batman & Robin\" features a","story was reprinted in the one-volume \"Super-Villain Classics: Galactus the Origin\" #1 (May 1983) inked by Vince Colletta and George Klein lettered by John Morelli and colored by Andy Yanchus. While nearly identical to the previous origin this story featured supplemental material edits and deletions by writer Mark Gruenwald pencillers","popular taste and many sought or identified Wagnerian aspects in Verdi's latest composition. Budden points out that there is little in the music of \"Otello\" that relates either to the \"verismo\" opera of the younger Italian composers and little if anything which can be construed as a homage to the","graph in","successfully. However the reports need to be exported and edited. Slaw a Canadian legal webzine offered this advice to lawyers just starting out in practice especially those who are trying to pay off student loans \"The GnuCash software...should present a great alternative for lawyers looking for a solid accounting system","skills and with Children's Technology Group to create MindWalker a web browser that allows parents to limit the websites their children can view to a pre-set list. A variety of edited \"Garfield\" strips have been made available on the Internet some hosted on their own unofficial dedicated sites. Dating from","and reptile\" organization managing the Gulag. In many cases local camp archives which had been stored in sheds barracks or other rapidly disintegrating buildings simply disappeared in the same way as most of the camp buildings did. In 2004 and 2005 some archival documents were published in the edition \"Istoriya","to Lynn Canal in southeastern Alaska. The Admiralty instructed Vancouver to publish a narrative of his voyage which he started to write in early 1796 in Petersham. At the time of his death the","had one daughter Anne Kaufman (Booth). Four years later he married actress Leueen MacGrath on May 26 1949 with whom he collaborated on a number of plays before their divorce in August 1957. Kaufman died in New York City on June 2 1961 at the age of 71. His granddaughter","The coalition ran newspaper advertisements that said: \"unless the management of the IPCC promptly undertakes to republish the printed versions...the IPCC's credibility will have been lost.\" Santer and his co-authors said the edits were integrations of comments from peer review as per agreed IPCC processes. GCC was the main industry","1991 \"uncut\" edition of \"Stranger\" the word \"grok\" \"was used first \"without any explicit definition\" on page 22\" and continued to be used without being explicitly defined until page 253 (emphasis in original). He notes that this first intensional definition is simply \"to drink\" but that this is only a","if he be overbearing let him remember that the little fly preceded him in the order of creation. The Jewish Publication Society's edition of Leviticus states:Thou shalt not hate thy brother. in thy heart; thou shalt surely rebuke thy neighbour and not bear sin because of him. 18 Thou shalt","which was in a 360º view. The track features vocals from Jamaican dancehall artist Popcaan. The band also released an art video for the track \"Andromeda\" featuring an animated planet in a galaxy. The track features the American rapper DRAM (rapper) Two more art videos were released: \"Ascension\" (featuring American","a 32-cent stamp as part of its Celebrate the Century series recalling various important events in the 20th century. The stamp designed by Howard Paine displays the book with its original dust jacket a white Magnolia blossom and a hilt placed against a background of green velvet. To commemorate the","by Telemann (\"Der Tod Jesu\") occurred in 1832 and it was not until the 20th century that his music started being performed again. The revival of interest in Telemann began in the first decades of the 20th century and culminated in the Bärenreiter critical edition of the 1950s. Today each","movement keys any line displayed on screen can be edited. It also includes function key shortcuts at the bottom of the screen. Like other early microcomputer versions of BASIC GW-BASIC lacked many of the structures needed for structured programming such as local variables and GW-BASIC programs executed relatively slowly because","so that by the end he was talking in his new language. The year 1908 was important for Peano. The fifth and final edition of the \"Formulario\" project titled \"Formulario Mathematico\" was published. It contained 4200 formulae and theorems all completely stated and most of them proved. The book received","Wandsworth and finished 21 March 1860.\" Her last novel was \"Daniel Deronda\" published in 1876 after which she and Lewes moved to Witley Surrey. By this time Lewes's health was failing and he died two years later on 30 November 1878. Eliot spent the next two years editing Lewes's final","William Halfpenny (active 1723\u20131755) published editions in America as well as Britain. A similar phenomenon can be seen in the commonality of housing designs in Canada and the United States (though of a wider variety of styles) from the 19th century down to the 1950s using pattern books drawn up","Gershwin was the wealthiest composer of all time. In September 2013 a partnership between the estates of Ira and George Gershwin and the University of Michigan was created","problem solving Pólya wrote another short book called \"Mathematical Methods in Science\" based on a 1963 work supported by the National Science Foundation edited by Leon Bowden and published by the Mathematical Association of America (MAA) in 1977. As Pólya notes in the preface Professor Bowden carefully followed a tape","they seemed made for each other.\" In 1972 while still a student Brown was elected Rector of the University of Edinburgh the convener of the University Court. He served as Rector until 1975 and also edited the document \"The Red Paper on Scotland\". From 1976 to 1980 Brown was employed","vampires simply add blood-drinking to the amoral panoply of drug abuse problem drinking and empty sex practiced by their human counterparts\" many of these so-called \"human counterparts\" identified with the teen angst and goth music references therein keeping the book in print. Upon release of a special 10th anniversary edition","to invite Petrarch to take a chair at the university in Florence. Although unsuccessful the discussions between the two were instrumental in Boccaccio writing the \"Genealogia deorum gentilium\"; the first edition was completed in 1360 and this remained one of the key reference works on classical mythology for over 400","the novel \"Graham Crackers: Fuzzy Memories Silly Bits and Outright Lies\" was released. It is a semi-sequel to \"A Liar's Autobiography\" with Chapman's works compiled by Jim Yoakum. A compendium of writings \"Calcium Made Interesting: Sketches Letters Essays & Gondolas\" also compiled and edited by Yoakum was published in 2005","works. This included reworked versions of the \"Doctrine of Science\" (\"Wissenschaftslehre\" 1810\u20131813) \"The Science of Rights\" (\"Das System der Rechtslehre\" 1812) and \"The Science of Ethics as Based on the Science of Knowledge\" (\"Das System der Sittenlehre nach den Principien der Wissenschaftslehre\" 1812; 1st ed. 1798). The new standard edition","also produced filmed and edited with the same techniques. The Japanese fishing vessel \"Yahata-Maru\" is caught in strong currents off the shores of Daikoku Island. As the boat drifts into shore the island begins to erupt and a giant monster lifts itself out of the volcano. A few days later","having first started as a bi-lingual publication which produced two versions of each of its articles - one in English and the other","language rules and revised technology levels. Designed by Sean Punch the Fourth Edition is sold as two full-color hardcover books as well as in the PDF format. A character in \"GURPS\" is built with character points. For a beginning character in an average power game the 4th edition suggests 100\u2013150","criteria were updated as the industry had progressed since 2006 with the objective to get companies to set goals for greenhouse gas reduction the use of renewable power up to 100 percent producing long lasting products free of hazardous substances and increasing sustainable practices. To ensure the transparency of the","\"King Kong Escapes\". DVD R1 America \u2013 Goodtimes Home Video \u2013 35th Anniversary Edition R1 America - Universal Pictures Blu-ray The original Japanese version of \"King Kong vs. Godzilla\" is infamous for being one of the most poorly-preserved \"tokusatsu\" films. In 1970 director Ishiro Honda prepared an edited version of","of Godzilla\"). In the mid-1980s the U.S. television version \"Terror of Mechagodzilla\" was replaced by the theatrical edit \"The Terror of Godzilla\" on television and home video. For some reason the title was also changed to \"Terror of Mechagodzilla\". The 1994 Paramount release of \"Terror of Mechagodzilla\" listed a running","Britannica Eleventh Edition\" (1911) which contains lengthy and detailed biographies about the great men of history but very few general or social histories. For example all information on the post-Roman \"Migrations Period\" of European History is compiled under the biography of Attila the Hun. This heroic view of history was","other artistic endeavors. In 2009 graffiti artist \"Scape\" published \"GRAFF; the Art & Technique of Graffiti\" the world's first book dedicated to displaying the full techniques of creating graffiti art. Other books that focus on graffiti include \"Faith of Graffiti\" by Norman Mailer \"Trespass\" by Taschen press and the comic","family tree. The fifth edition of the Confucius Genealogy was printed in 2009 by the Confucius Genealogy Compilation Committee (CGCC). In modern times genealogy became more widespread with commoners as well as nobility researching and maintaining their family trees. Genealogy received a boost in the late 1970s with the television","\"I Got Rhythm\" from \"An American in Paris\" whereas pensive or romantic feelings were more often expressed via ballet or modern dance as in \"Heather on the Hill\" from \"Brigadoon\" or \"Our Love Is Here to Stay\" from \"An American in Paris\". According to Delamater Kelly's work \"seems to represent","teams on the Africa continent and have won a total of five Africa continental association football and Confederation of African Football trophies; Ghanaian football club Asante Kotoko SC has been crowned two-time CAF Champions League winners in 1970 1983 and five-time CAF Champions League runners up and Ghanaian football club","est.) Electricity - production by source fossil fuel 100% hydro 0% nuclear 0% other 0% Electricity - consumption 142 million kWh (2006 est.) Electricity - exports 0 kWh (1998) Electricity - imports 0 kWh (1998) Oil - production Oil - consumption Oil - exports NA (2001) Oil - imports NA","remake of \"King Kong\" which used a similar image for its own poster. The film was released numerous times in the VHS format mostly as videos from bargain basement studios that featured the edited TV version (which was wrongly assumed to be in the public domain for many years). Media","when the price","chordal accompaniment. Modern editions of such music usually supply a realized keyboard part fully written out in staff notation for a player in place of improvisation. With the rise in historically informed performance however the number of performers who are able to improvise their parts from the figures as Baroque","wrong direction increasing that edition's value). Niven's essay \"Exercise in Speculation: The Theory and Practice of Teleportation\" was published in the collection \"All the Myriad Ways\" In it he discusses the ideas that underlie his teleportation stories. On the World Wide Web a similar phenomenon can occur when a web","third \"Doctor\" series (titled \"Doctor at Large\"). In this edition the main character checks into a small-town hotel his very presence seemingly winding up the aggressive and incompetent manager (played by Timothy Bateson) with a domineering wife. The show was broadcast on 30 May 1971. Cleese said in 2008 that","in use today. Bessel's work in 1840 contributed to the discovery of Neptune in 1846 at Berlin Observatory several months after Bessel's death. On Bessel's proposal (1825) the Prussian Academy of Sciences started the edition of the \"Berliner Akademische Sternkarten\" (\"Berlin Academic Star Charts\") as an international project. One unpublished","this post until his death; \"he was editing a manuscript on his death bed a scientist until the bitter end\" according to Christof Koch. Crick was the first son of Harry Crick (1887\u20131948) and Annie Elizabeth Crick (née Wilkins; 1879\u20131955). He was born and raised in Weston Favell then a","of his discoveries. Newton corrected in the second edition of his \"Principia\" an error pointed out by Abauzit and when sending him the \"Commercium Epistolicum\" said \"You are well worthy to judge between Gottfried Leibniz and me.\" The reputation of Abauzit induced William III to request him to settle in","In practice most U.S. national flags available for sale to the public have a different width-to-height ratio; common sizes are or (flag ratio 1.5) or (1.6) or or (1.667). Even flags flown over the U.S. Capitol for sale to the public through Representatives or Senators are provided in these sizes.","(and Netmail) and read it locally on their own machines. To do this the FidoNet addressing scheme was extended with the addition of a final address segment the point number. For instance a user on the example system above might be given point number 10 and thus could be sent","died the next day 30 November 1935 around 8 pm aged 47. His cause of death is commonly given as cirrhosis of the liver due to alcoholism though this is disputed: others attribute his death to pancreatitis (again from alcoholism) or other ailments. In his lifetime he published four books","opera \"From the House of the Dead\" Akira Kurosawa's film \"The Idiot\" and Andrzej Wajda's film \"The Possessed\". Director Janek Ambros adapted \"The Grand Inquisitor\" into Nazi Croatia (The Ustasa Regime) during World War II. After the 1917 Russian Revolution passages of Dostoyevsky books were sometimes shortened although only two","December is assigned to both Jesus and Newton. Later editions of the almanac would switch to the Republican Calendar. The days of the French Revolution and Republic saw many efforts to sweep away various trappings of the \"ancien régime\" (the old feudal monarchy); some of these were more successful than","editing software using those formats. Viewers are usually distributed free of charge while editors have to be bought. For example the full version of Adobe Acrobat can be used to create content for most computer platforms. To ensure that people can access the documents created with Adobe Acrobat the software","rings in which factorization into irreducibles is essentially unique are called unique factorization domains. Important examples are polynomial rings over the integers or over a field Euclidean domains and principal ideal domains. In 1843 Kummer introduced the concept of ideal number which was developed further by Dedekind (1876) into the","Some fans create pictures known as \"edits\" which consist of pictures or photos with their chosen fandom characters in different scenarios. These edits are often shared on social media networks such as Instagram Tumblr or Pinterest. In some edits one may see content relating to several different fandoms. Fans in","Szilárd. During his time at Chicago Hayek worked on the philosophy of science economics political philosophy and the history of ideas. Hayek's economics notes from this period have yet to be published. Hayek received a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1954. After editing a book on John Stuart Mill's letters he planned","full moon following it. The names are recorded from the early 18th century. The Oxford English Dictionary entry for \"harvest moon\" cites a 1706 reference and for \"hunter's moon\" a 1710 edition of \"The British Apollo\" where the term is attributed to \"the country people\" (\"The Country People call this","Knight Grand Cross of the","/ #471 (June 2001). At the time the Marvel Comics series begun in the 1960s such as \"Thor\" and \"The Amazing Spider-Man\" were given such dual numbering on the front cover with the present-day volume's numbering alongside the numbering from the original series. After issue #70 / #499 (Aug. 2003)","the chimney with a footstep airy ...\" \"A Visit from St. Nicholas\" was published in England in December 1853 in \"Notes and Queries\". An explanatory note states that the St Nicholas figure is known as Santa Claus in New York State and as Krishkinkle in Pennsylvania. 1854 marked the first","byte thereby enabling the use of lowercase letters. That change propagated everywhere.\" A \"20th anniversary\" edition of \"The Mythical Man-Month\" with four additional chapters was published in 1995. As well as \"The Mythical Man-Month\" Brooks has authored or co-authored many books and peer reviewed papers including \"Automatic Data Processing\" No","BBEdit Lite edition which has less features. XnView is available free of charge for personal use but must be licensed for commercial use. The free version may be advertising supported as was the case with the DivX. Ad-supported software and free registerware also bear resemblances to freeware. Ad-supported software does","remote server they allow files and directories located there to be managed and edited using a web browser without the need for FTP Access. More advanced and usually commercially distributed web-based file management scripts allow the administrator of the file manager to configure secure individual user accounts each with individual","magazines in the U.S. were being edited by Futurians: Frederik Pohl at the Popular Publications offshoot Fictioneers Inc. (\"Astonishing Stories\" and \"Super-Science Stories\"); Robert Lowndes at Columbia Publications most notably with \"Science Fiction\" and \"Future Fiction\" (though through the decade to come Lowndes's responsibilities would expand to other types of","the end. Brod finished many of Kafka's incomplete works for publication. For example Kafka left ' with unnumbered and incomplete chapters and ' with incomplete sentences and ambiguous content; Brod rearranged chapters copy edited the text and changed the punctuation. ' appeared in 1925 in '. Kurt Wolff published two","strong odor of vinegar which is why the decay process in the archival community is known as \"vinegar syndrome\". Modern polyester-based stocks are far more stable by comparison and are rated to last hundreds of years if stored properly. The distinction between camera stocks and print stocks involves a difference","name by the software company Trillium. The UK premiere of Bradbury's stage adaptation was not until 2003 in Nottingham while it took until 2006 before the Godlight Theatre Company produced and performed its New York City premiere at 59E59 Theaters. After the completion of the New York run the production","Correspondence Club in Chicago and edited by Raymond A. Palmer and Walter Dennis. The term \"fanzine\" was coined by Russ Chauvenet in the October 1940 edition of his fanzine \"Detours\". \"Fanzines\" were distinguished from \"prozines\" (a term Chauvenet also invented): that is all professional magazines. Prior to that the fan","later during video editing in the post-production process. Visual effects commonly refers to post-production alterations of the film's images. The on set VFX crew works to prepare shots and plates for future visual effects. This may include adding tracking markers taking and asking for reference plates and helping the Director","the case of the circle which can be represented as the union of two connected open sets whose intersection has two components one can choose one base point in each component. The exposition of this theory was given in the 1968 1988 editions","66\u201373) published in 1855. In 1857 17 Polish songs that Chopin wrote at various stages of his life were collected and published as Op. 74 though their order within the opus did not reflect the order of composition. Works published since 1857 have received alternative catalogue designations instead of opus","spaces. The name Hausdorff is found throughout mathematics. Among others these concepts were named after him: In the universities of Bonn and Greifswald these things were named in his honor: Besides these in Bonn there is the Hausdorffstraße (Hausdorff Street) where he first lived. (Haus-Nr. 61). In Greifswald there is a","The visit also appears to have brought closure to Douglass although some criticized his effort. That same year Douglass bought the house which was to be the family's final home in Washington D.C. on a hill above the Anacostia River. He and Anna named it \"Cedar Hill\" (also spelled \"CedarHill\").","been listed on multiple IGN \"Top Games\" lists. Eleven games were listed on \"Famitsu\"'s 2006 \"Top 100 Favorite Games of All Time\" four of which were in the top ten with \"Final Fantasy X\" and \"Final Fantasy VII\" coming first and second respectively. The series holds seven Guinness World Records in the","that Gregor \"is not technically a dung","fish stock. Definitions were also added to the 1703 edition. The 1712 edition retitled \"Le Nouveau cuisinier royal et bourgeois\" was increased to two volumes and was written in a more elaborate style with extensive explanations of technique. Additional smaller preparations are included in this edition as well leading to","and literary executor Max Brod edited the text for publication by Verlag Die Schmiede. The original manuscript is held at the Museum of Modern Literature Marbach am Neckar Germany. The first English language translation by Willa and Edwin Muir was published in 1937. In 1999 the book was listed in","\"Dune\" took six years of research and writing to complete and it was much longer than commercial science fiction of the time was supposed to run. \"Analog\" (the renamed \"Astounding\" still edited by John W. Campbell) published it in two parts comprising eight installments \"Dune World\" from December 1963 and","draft of \"Infinite Jest\" he gave to his editor Michael Pietsch was inspired by fractals specifically the Sierpinski triangle (a.k.a. Sierpinski gasket) but that the edited novel is \"more like a lopsided Sierpinsky Gasket\". Humans appear to be especially well-adapted to processing fractal patterns with D values between 1.3\u20131.5. When","F1 with an HD counterpart. Sky Sports F1 covered all races live without commercial interruption as well as live practice and qualifying sessions along with F1 programming including interviews archive action and magazine shows. The deal secured Formula 1 on Sky up to 2018. The BBC in 2012 featured live","or the World Cup) a tied result stands and the overall competition standings are adjusted accordingly. Since March 2013 when tie breaking is required the official FIH Tournament Regulations mandate to no longer have extra time and go directly into a penalty shoot-out when a classification match ends in a","manuals have been printed in facsimile edition. Many of the dances of Fabritio Caroso's manuals are meant for two dancers with a few for four or more dancers. These manuals offer a great deal of information to dance historians and musicologists alike in that each description of a dance is","were published in \"Writings in General Linguistics\" but most of the material in it had already been published in Engler's critical edition of the \"Course\" in 1967 and 1974. (TUFA) Saussure's theoretical reconstructions of the Proto-Indo-European language vocalic system and particularly his theory of laryngeals otherwise unattested at the time","on the harpsichord to play with professional musicians in concerts. Some of his more notable songs include \"The Treaty\" \"The Battle of the Kegs\" and \"The New Roof a song for Federal Mechanics\". He also played organ at Philadelphia's Christ Church and composed or edited a number of hymns and","in terrorist attacks on civilians in Israel during the Second Intifada. A meeting of the Revolutionary Council was held in Ramallah from 18\u201319 October 2014. Many important questions were discussed including reconciliation with Hamas. Opinion was divided on this issue. Fatah has \"Member Party\" status at the Socialist International and","edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-5). After recovery from fugue previous memories usually return intact. Because of this there is not normally any treatment necessary for people who have been in fugue states. Additionally an episode of fugue is not characterized as attributable to a","March 1937. Leiber introduced Fafhrd and the Gray Mouser in \"Two Sought Adventure\" his first professionally-published short story in the August 1939 edition of the John W. Campbell-edited \"Unknown\". Leiber married Jonquil Stephens on January 16 1936; their only child the philosopher and science fiction writer Justin Leiber was born","1986 edition of the now-discontinued GNU's Bulletin publication of FSF. The canonical source for the document is in the philosophy section of the GNU Project website. it is published there in 39 languages. FSF publishes a list of licences which meet this definition. The definition published by FSF in February","(published editions in 1866 1876 1888)) two decades later. These were further supported by the publications of Boole and Bertrand. By the end of the 19th century the frequentist interpretation was well established and perhaps dominant in the sciences. The following generation established the tools of classical inferential statistics (significance","lived in Paris and gave him social and when necessary financial support. He began to write novels including an early version of \"Burmese Days\" but nothing else survives from that period. He was more successful as a journalist and published articles in \"Monde\" a political/literary journal edited by Henri Barbusse","Fleetwood Mac\" and the British \"Q\" magazine also praised the album in their review. The subsequent \"Behind the Mask\" tour saw the band play sold out shows at London's Wembley Stadium and on the final show in Los Angeles the band were joined onstage by Buckingham. The two women of","had donated $175\u2013180 million to his alma mater to expand the film school. It is the largest single donation to USC and the largest gift to a film school anywhere. Previous donations led to the already existing George Lucas Instructional Building and Marcia Lucas Post-Production building. In 2013 Lucas and","nor adware. On November 9 2010 LimeWire was resurrected by a secret team of developers and named LimeWire Pirate Edition. It was based on LimeWire 5.6 BETA. This version had its server dependencies removed and all the PRO features enabled for free. To envision how Gnutella originally worked imagine a","acquired used and transmitted from one generation to the next. As in his work on alternating sounds Boas had come to realize that different ethnological interpretations of Kwakiutl kinship were the result of the limitations of Western categories. As in his work on Alaskan needlecases he now saw variation among","of it in darkened areas. It also comes in six different colors; silver gold yellow for the \"Pokemon\" edition translucent yellow clear and translucent red for the \"Astro Boy\" edition. The Game Boy Light was superseded by the Game Boy Color six months later and was the only Game Boy","not ancient legends but modern fiction\". Rosenberg's claim was further disseminated in Chayim Bloch's (1881\u20131973) \"The Golem: Legends of the Ghetto of Prague\" (English edition 1925). The \"Jewish Encyclopedia\" of 1906 cites the historical work \"Zemach David\" by David Gans a disciple of the Maharal published in 1592. In it","second edition of this book provided an axiomatic theory of expected utility which allowed mathematical statisticians and economists to treat decision-making under uncertainty. This theory was developed extensively in the 1950s by many scholars. Game theory was later explicitly applied to biology in the 1970s although similar developments go back","the verb alone. He had previously published a critical edition with a Latin translation and notes of the story of Nala and Damayanti (London 1819) the most beautiful episode of the \"Mahabharata\". Other episodes of the \"Mahabharata\" Indralokâgama and three others (Berlin 1824); \"Diluvium\" and three others (Berlin 1829); a","\"Abigail Mead\" wrote the film's score. According to an interview which appeared in the January 1988 issue of \"Keyboard Magazine\" the film was scored mostly with a Fairlight CMI synthesizer (the then-current Series III edition) and a Synclavier. For the period music Kubrick went through \"Billboard\" list of Top 100","precedents for the national government and the presidency in particular and was called the \"Father of His Country\" as early as 1778. Washington's Birthday is a federal holiday in the United States. In terms of personality biographer Douglas Southall Freeman concluded \"the great big thing stamped across that man is","edition) associates it with such onomatopoeic words as \"flit\" and \"flick\" emphasizing a lack of seriousness; on the other hand it has been attributed to the old French \"conter fleurette\" which means \"to (try to) seduce\" by the dropping of flower petals that is \"to speak sweet nothings\". While old-fashioned","Vorticist philosophy. About the same time Marinetti worked on a very anti-Roman Catholic and anti-Austrian verse-novel \"Le monoplan du Pape\" (\"The Pope's Aeroplane\" 1912) and edited an anthology of futurist poets. But his attempts to renew the style of poetry did not satisfy him. So much so that in his","aspects such as loanwords etymology pronunciation synonyms and so forth.The first of these volumes \"\" () has long been the prescriptive source for the spelling of German. The \"Duden\" has become the bible of the German language being the definitive set of rules regarding grammar spelling and usage of German.","Living Room Games published \"Earthdawn\" (Second Edition) RedBrick published \"Earthdawn\" (Classic and Third Editions) but the license has now returned to FASA Corporation and FASA Games Inc. is the current license holder for new material. \"Crimson Skies\" was originally developed by Zipper Interactive under the FASA Interactive brand in late","the United","Hume concerning causality and objectivity is an elaboration of another aspect of Berkeley's philosophy. A.A. Luce the most eminent Berkeley scholar of the 20th century constantly stressed the continuity of Berkeley's philosophy. The fact that Berkeley returned to his major works throughout his life issuing revised editions with only minor","in January 1897. The book was an instant success and secured Nansen's long-term financial future. Nansen included without comment the one significant adverse criticism of his conduct that of Greely who had written in \"Harper's Weekly\" on Nansen's decision to leave \"Fram\" and strike for the pole: \"It passes comprehension","10 (or approx 3.162) instead. Zu Chongzhi (429-500 AD) improved the accuracy of the approximation of pi to between 3.1415926 and 3.1415927 with \u2044 (密率 Milü detailed approximation) and \u2044 (约率 Yuelü rough approximation) being the other notable approximation. In comparison to later works the formula for pi given by","In a letter dated October 1838 but published in the December 1838 edition of \"The London and Edinburgh Philosophical Magazine and Journal of Science\" Welsh physicist and barrister William Grove wrote about the development of his first crude fuel cells. He used a combination of sheet iron copper and porcelain","2007 the International Olympic Committee gathered in Guatemala City and voted Sochi to become the host for the 2014 Winter Olympics and Paralympics. In April 2010 it hosted the XIVth Pan-American Mountain Bike Championships. Guatemala City hosted the 2008 edition of the CONCACAF Futsal Championship played at the Domo Polideportivo","readers. The American series came to an end when the management of Ace changed and the new management decided that the series was too juvenile for their taste. The last Ace issue was #118 which corresponded to German issue #126 as some of the Ace editions contained two of the","edition of Stallman's book \"Free Software Free Society\" that in it Stallman has written about \"the social aspects of software and how Free Software can create community and social justice.\" Development of the GNU operating system was initiated by Richard Stallman while he worked at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology","Workshop. Pohl received the second annual J. W. Eaton Lifetime Achievement Award in Science Fiction from the University of California Riverside Libraries at the 2009 Eaton Science Fiction Conference \"Extraordinary Voyages: Jules Verne and Beyond\". Pohl's work has been an influence on a wide variety of other science fiction writers some","visible to all Wikipedia users. Note: Do not sign the edit summary line with your ~~~~ signature as it does not work there. A check to the \"minor edit\" box signifies that only superficial differences exist between the version with your edit and the previous version: typo corrections formatting and","Web page editing. Sometimes Web services or browser manufacturers remedy these shortcomings. For instance wikis and content management systems allow surfers to edit the Web pages they visit. There are some WYSIWYG editors (What You See Is What You Get) in which the user lays","Mayhew cofounded Punch magazine. At its founding the magazine was jointly edited by Mayhew and Mark Lemon. The two men hired a group of writers and also illustrators to aid them. These included Douglas Jerrold Angus Reach John Leech Richard Doyle and Shirley Brooks. Initially it was subtitled \"The London","go straight to the redirect page and edit it the redirect page will automatically redirect you to its target page (because this is what a redirect page is meant to do). Below is an example of why you might need to go to a redirect page itself (to do a","the music-based segments on the show (other than guest stars' performances) included: Lovullo also has made the claim the show presented \"what were in reality the first musical videos.\" Lovullo said his videos were conceptualized by having the show's staff go to nearby rural areas and film animals and farmers","proponents lies the difference. Another highly debated potential climate change mitigation strategy is Cap and Trade due to its direct relationship with the economy. In November 2016 the Paris Agreement went into effect. Many climate scientists state that they are put under enormous pressure to distort or hide any scientific","(1632\u20131704) Pierre Bayle (1647\u20131706) Voltaire (1694\u20131778) Francis Hutcheson (1694\u20131746) David Hume (1711\u20131776) and physicist Isaac Newton (1643\u20131727). Ruling princes often endorsed and fostered these figures and even attempted to apply their ideas of government in what was known as enlightened absolutism. The Scientific Revolution is closely tied to the Enlightenment","before being re-cut. Shalhoub did not remember any darker version of the film. There were numerous edits in the film that show some lines were changed in post-production. In one scene Gwen DeMarco's line \"Well screw that!\" is clearly dubbed over \"Well fuck that!\" According to Parisot that line got","Editor in the story department of his studio and Thalberg suggested Hawks. Hawks accepted and was immediately put in charge of over 40 productions including several literary acquisitions of stories by Joseph Conrad Jack London and Zane Grey. Hawks worked on the scripts for all of the films produced but","applied to brief English-language poems such as \"mathemaku\" and other kinds of pseudohaiku. Some sources claim that this is justified by the blurring of definitional boundaries in Japan. Rich cross cultural haiku traditions continue to this day evidenced by books like \"Baseball Haiku: American and Japanese Haiku and Senryu on","trailer included in laserdisc and DVD editions the scene in which Fuller hands over her angora sweater is a different take than the one in the release version \u2014 in the trailer she tosses it to Wood in a huff while the release version shows her handing it over more","made of a transparent purple plastic that was also used on the color-respective Nintendo 64 controller. Other colors were sold as limited editions or in specific countries. Due to its backwards compatibility with Game Boy games the Game Boy Color had a large playable library at launch. The system amassed","became a founding member of the World Cultural Council. In 1983 President Ronald Reagan appointed Seaborg to serve on the National Commission on Excellence in Education. The commission produced a report \"A Nation at Risk: The Imperative for Educational Reform\" which focused national attention on education as a national issue","fair\" are used frequently and another possible reference to the plot relates to the use of equivocation; Garnett's \"A Treatise of Equivocation\" was found on one of the plotters. Another writer influenced by the plot was John Milton who in 1626 wrote what one commentator has called a \"critically vexing","preaching as usual at the Gracechurch Street Meeting House in London George Fox died between 9 and 10 p.m. on 13 January 1691. He was interred in the Quaker Burying Ground Bunhill Fields three days later in the presence of thousands of mourners. Fox's journal was first published in 1694","time. Gregory was also a very prolific poet who wrote theological moral and biographical poems. Gregory's great nephew Nichobulos served as his literary executor preserving and editing many of his writings. A cousin Eulalios published several of Gregory's more noteworthy works in 391. By 400 Rufinius began translating his orations","pre-professional programs and programs in quantitative studies and the societal impacts of technology. In its 2016 edition of \"America's Best Colleges\" \"U.S. News & World Report\" ranked Grinnell tied for 19th among all liberal arts colleges in the United States and tied for highest economic diversity as measured by low-income","(unless the value is exactly 0). Example: 1.3DEp42 represents . Hexadecimal exponential notation is required by the IEEE 754-2008 binary floating-point standard. This notation can be used for floating-point literals in the C99 edition of the C programming language. Using the \"%a\" or \"%A\" conversion specifiers this notation can be","war would cause Europeans to distrust Germany and whether Germany could demonstrate it had rejected totalitarianism and militarism and embraced democracy and human rights. The total of German war dead was 8% to 10% out of a prewar population of 69000000 or between 5.5 million and 7 million people. This","death but it has been claimed that he achieved this by committing suicide. The seventeenth century English physician and philosopher Sir Thomas Browne once possessed the ten volumes of the Leyden 1663 edition of the complete works of Cardan in his library. Browne critically viewed Cardan as: \"that famous Physician","on his search for copies of the first and second editions which he describes in \"The Book Nobody Read\". In Reinhold's unpublished commentary on \"De revolutionibus\" he calculated the distance from the Earth to the sun. He \"massaged\" his calculation method in order to arrive at an answer close to","entity in the fourth German edition of his \"Lehrbuch der Psychiatrie\" in 1893 it was placed among the degenerative disorders alongside but separate from catatonia and dementia paranoides. At that time the concept corresponded by and large with Ewald Hecker's hebephrenia. In the sixth edition of the \"Lehrbuch\" in 1899","on Tuesday 17 Wednesday 18 and Thursday 19 (which featured an hour long episode and a second episode) all featured at least one live insert. The show revealed that the killer of Lucy Beale (Hetti Bywater) was her younger brother Bobby (Eliot Carrington) during the second episode on Thursday after","The EBU informed them that such an act would breach the rules of the contest and Lebanon was subsequently forced to withdraw from the competition. Their late withdrawal incurred a fine since they had already confirmed their participation and the deadline had passed. However the Eurovision Song Contest albums were","Erasmus did not oppose the punishment of heretics in individual cases he generally argued for moderation and against the death penalty. He wrote \"It is better to cure a sick man than to kill him.\" A test of the Reformation was the doctrine of the sacraments and the crux of","in Austin since then. Despite having invented much of the technology of software Dijkstra eschewed the use of computers in his own work for many decades. Even after he succumbed to his UT colleagues' encouragement and acquired a Macintosh computer he used it only for e-mail and for browsing the","to the marketing campaign and did not address the film on its own terms. Others felt that American censorship took an esoteric film and made it even harder to understand. On the television show \"Roger Ebert & the Movies\" director Martin Scorsese named \"Eyes Wide Shut\" his fourth-favorite film of","the rhetorical finish of his composition and the praises of the emperor than on an accurate statement of facts.\" The work was unfinished at Eusebius' death. Some scholars have questioned the Eusebian authorship of this work. Before he compiled his church history Eusebius edited a collection of martyrdoms of the","in the preparation (with Baptist scholar Horatio Balch Hackett) of the enlarged American edition of Dr. (afterwards Sir) William Smith's \"Dictionary of the Bible\" (1867\u20131870) to which he contributed more than 400 articles as well as greatly improving the bibliographical completeness of the work. He was an efficient member of","than the rule.\" His colleague Robert Gilpin confirmed this conclusion for the pre-modern period: Historian Michael Doyle who undertook an extensive research on empires extended the observation into the modern era: Expert on warfare Quincy Wright generalized on what he called \"universal empire\"\u2014empire unifying all the contemporary system: German Sociologist","in improving evidence-based health care knowledge and","a topic gathering information taking notes making an outline and revising and editing.\" The \"Encyclopedia Brown\" television series premiered on HBO in 1989 with 30-minute episodes. Scott Bremner played the title role with Laura Bridge playing Sally. The live action series ran a little over 10 episodes. It was produced","published many of these over the next few years (most of them premiered by the pianist Ricardo Viñes). His habit of accompanying the scores of his compositions with all kinds of written remarks was now well established so that a few years later he had to insist that these not","place. Also in this regard ETA's manuals have been found instructing its members and supporters to claim routinely that they had been tortured while detained. Unai Romano's case has been very controversial. Pictures of him with a symmetrically swollen face of uncertain etiology were published after his incommunicado period leading","Professional for the Apple II stating that \"editing is a pleasure with either version\" and approving of their features user interface and documentation. In an early review of the IBM PC however the magazine in 1982 stated that EasyWriter for it or the Apple II \"didn't seem to be of","a manifestation of a unitary consciousness pervading the universe. A manuscript \"Fragment From An Unpublished Dialogue of Galileo\" from this time recently resurfaced at The King's Hospital boarding school Dublin after it was written for the School's 1955 edition of their Blue Coat to celebrate his leaving of Dublin to","and conquest for its sole objects\u2014dominion over minds by proselytism over bodies by arms\". This is held to be the first explanation of the modern concept of totalitarian state. Burke regarded the war with France as ideological against an \"armed doctrine\". He wished that France would not be partitioned due","of \"Æthelwald\" and hence an indication of another king perhaps a sub-king of west Kent; or it may be merely a scribal error which should be read as referring to Eadbald. Æthelberht was later regarded as a saint for his role in establishing Christianity among the Anglo-Saxons. His feast day","anonymous theological discussion \"\" (1886) \"Philomythus\" (1891) his book \"The Anglican Career of Cardinal Newman\" (1892) and his article \"The Gospels\" in the ninth edition of the \"Encyclopædia Britannica\" embodying a critical view which caused considerable stir in the English theological world. He also wrote \"St Thomas of Canterbury his","following the adoption of the flag by the EEC Arsène Heitz (1908\u201389) one of the designers who had submitted proposals for the flag's design suggested a religious inspiration for it. He claimed that the circle of stars was based on the iconographic tradition of showing the Blessed Virgin Mary as","that was intuitive and easily understood reviewed and even edited by domain experts rather than IT experts. The benefits of this explicit knowledge representation were rapid development and ease of maintenance. Ease of maintenance is the most obvious benefit. This was achieved in two ways. First by removing the need","George Washington. After her husband's death in 1795 Susan Boudinot Bradford returned to her parents' home to live. The young widow edited her father's papers. Now held by Princeton University these provide significant insight into the events of the Revolutionary era. In 1805 Elias Hannah and Susan moved to a","Marvin was the first well known person over here in England who was using one but that wasn't really my kind of music. Steve Winwood had so much credibility and when he started playing one I thought oh if he can do it I can do it\". The first\u2014used during","successive editions of Edmé Boursault's \"Letters of Respect Gratitude and Love\" (\"Lettres de respect d'obligation et d'amour\") (1669) a group of letters written to a girl named Babet were expanded and became more and more distinct from the other letters until it formed a small epistolary novel entitled \"Letters to","Songs and Ecclesiastes\" probably means simply that the book was edited under Hezekiah.) Nevertheless critical scholars have long rejected the idea of a pre-exilic origin. The presence of Persian loan-words and Aramaisms points to a date no earlier than about 450 BCE while the latest possible date for its composition","edition. The book is commonly referenced in public policy and public administration scholarship. Bardach's procedure is as follows: A possible ninth step based on Bardach's own writing might be \"repeat steps 1 - 8 as necessary.\" The New York taxi driver test is a technique for evaluating the effectiveness of","others claim that this has been effectively disproved. Many of his other works were very loose translations of or simply based on works from continental Europe. It is in this role that Chaucer receives some of his earliest critical praise. Eustache Deschamps wrote a ballade on the great translator and","much bigger gaming company a third edition \"RuneQuest 3\" was published with Avalon Hill in 1984. This edition both loosened the connection between \"RuneQuest\" and Glorantha introducing 'Fantasy Europe' as the principal game world for \"RuneQuest\" and much broadened the scope of Glorantha which was treated as an alternative game","most famous courtly novel in German Baroque literature; it was finished by her brother Anton Ulrich and edited by Sigmund von Birken. \"Empfindsamkeit\" / Sensibility (1750s-1770s) Friedrich Gottlieb Klopstock (1724\u20131803) Christian Fürchtegott Gellert (1715\u20131769) Sophie de La Roche (1730\u20131807). The period culminates and ends in Goethe's best-selling \"Die Leiden des","himself with several experts in the field. His main research interest lay in the Malay \"kris\" blade which he unusually chose to spell \"keris\"; he eventually collected 400 examples and talked to natives about their magico-religious uses. Deciding to author a book on the subject he wrote \"Keris and Other","of fashion magazines including multiple editions of \"Vogue\" and \"Cosmopolitan\" and appeared in advertising campaigns for such fashion houses as Armani Chanel Christian Dior Versace and Yves Saint Laurent. After she became addicted to heroin Carangi's modeling career rapidly declined. She died of AIDS-related complications at the age of 26","at the Great Pyramid of Giza in Egypt in 1978. They appeared at the Monterey Pop Festival in 1967 the Woodstock Festival in 1969 and the Festival Express train tour across Canada in 1970. They were scheduled to appear as the final act at the infamous Altamont Free Concert on","edition was published in 1989. \"GURPS Supers\" is a supplement of rules for comic-book superhero characters and campaigns for \"GURPS\". The first edition book includes new combat rules 24 superpowers bionic superlimbs gadgets and equipment and rules for creating new powers sample heroes and villains and a briefly described campaign","before while serving with the Dutch army in Batavia; the news of his death never reached his father. Early the following year Hegel's sister Christiane committed suicide by drowning. Hegel's remaining two sons \u2014 Karl who became a historian and who followed a theological path \u2014 lived long and safeguarded","for lithography; blocks of wood for woodcuts linoleum for linocuts and fabric plates for screen-printing. Works printed from a single plate create an edition in modern times usually each signed and numbered to form a limited edition. Prints may be published in book form as artist's books. A single print","has established far-reaching research partnerships with many government agencies non-profits health systems and international finance organizations. Among others Mason researches computer systems and networks with the Defense Advanced Research Agency (DARPA); investigates climate issues with the National Aeronautics and Space administration (NASA); explores underwater archaeology with the National Oceanic and","deadlines Thompson often annoyed his editors because he faxed articles late \"too late to be edited yet still in time for the printer\". Thompson wanted his work to be read as he wrote it in its \"true Gonzo\" form. Historian Douglas Brinkley said gonzo journalism requires virtually no rewriting and","Bernini and the too-sensual too emotionally charged Baroque in the larger culture (especially in non-Catholic countries of Europe and particularly in Victorian England) remained in effect until well into the twentieth century (most notable are the public disparagement of Bernini by Francesco Milizia Joshua Reynolds and Jacob Burkhardt). Most of","Order of Bards Ovates and Druids). Nichols edited Gardner's \"Witchcraft Today\" and is mentioned extensively in Gardner's \"The Meaning of Witchcraft\". Near the end of Aleister Crowley's life Gardner met with him for the first time on May 1 1947 and visited him twice more before Crowley's death that autumn;","operetta many found it difficult to come to terms with the genuine article. Now that the current coin of light music has changed the composer","German humorous poet Christian Morgenstern that appeared in the third (1908) edition of his \"Galgenlieder\" (Gallows Songs). This suggests that a hard German \"\" was originally intended as the pronunciation. Self was unable to ascertain when the (soft \"g\") pronunciation came into occasional use but claimed that as of 1995","texts were set rather than the line-by-line meaning of the text and depends on the distinctive characters of the church modes and variations in vocal grouping for expressive effect. Performing editions and recordings of Palestrina have tended to favour his works in the more familiar modes and standard (SATB) voicings","Cuckoo and the Nightingale\" in which birdsong is imitated in the upper registers of the organ. Also notable are his sixteen keyboard suites especially \"The Harmonious Blacksmith\". Handel introduced previously uncommon musical instruments in his works: the viola d'amore and violetta marina (\"Orlando\") the lute (\"Ode for St. Cecilia's Day\")","and poignant conclusion\" to Harrison's former band. In 1971 Bright Tunes sued Harrison for copyright infringement over \"My Sweet Lord\" owing to its similarity to the 1963 Chiffons hit \"He's So Fine\". When the case was heard in the United States district court in 1976 he denied deliberately plagiarising the","Nations and World Bank. The publication is normally referred to as SNA93 to distinguish it from the previous edition published in 1968 (called SNA68) SNA93 provides a set of rules and procedures for the measurement of national accounts. The standards are designed to be flexible to allow for differences in","strong leader \"in the same way arsenic is a strong drink\". He also criticised the economic policies of Democratic primary candidate Bernie Sanders but showed respect for Sanders as \"a charismatic speaker and a passionate believer in his cause.\" Kasparov's style of play has been compared by many to Alekhine's.","accurate. They are written not by eyewitnesses Matthew and Luke have frequently edited Mark to suit their own ends and the contradictions and discrepancies between John and the synoptics make it impossible to accept both as reliable. In addition the gospels we read today have been edited and corrupted over","retouching and editing free-form drawing converting between different image formats and more specialized tasks. GIMP is released under GPLv3+ licenses and is available for Linux macOS and Microsoft Windows. GIMP was originally released as the \"General Image Manipulation Program.\" In 1995 Spencer Kimball and Peter Mattis began developing GIMP as","published at Venice by the Mekhiterists; and they have since been edited in German by J M Schmid (Ratisbon 1872). The original authorities for Gregory's life are Agathangelos whose \"History of Tiridates\" was published by the Mekhitarists in 1835; Moses of Chorene \"Historiae Armenicae\"; and Symeon the Metaphrast. A \"Life","with the tradition of secrecy by setting down everything he knew in a book titled \"De la pirotechnia\" written in vernacular. It was published posthumously in 1540 with 9 editions over 138 years and also reprinted by MIT Press in 1966. By the mid-17th century fireworks were used for entertainment","law\" became an entry in the","the influential newspaper \"Le Journal des Débats\" which he edited from 1871 to 1876. Molinari later edited the \"Journal des Économistes\" the publication of the French Political Economy Society from 1881 until 1909. In his 1899 book \"The Society of Tomorrow\" he proposed a federated system of collective security and","patch meant to fix a security vulnerability in the browser's Gopher protocol handler to reduce the attack surface which was included in IE6 SP1; however it can be re-enabled by editing the Windows registry. In Internet Explorer 7 Gopher support was removed on the WinINET level. For Mozilla Firefox and","men's rhythmic gymnastics came around the 1970s. For individuals only four types of apparatus are used: the double rings the stick the rope and the clubs. Groups do not use any apparatus. The Japanese version includes tumbling performed on a spring floor. Points are awarded based a 10-point scale that","the 6th century BC and the Priestly final edition was made late in the Exilic period or soon after. As for why the book was created a theory which has gained considerable interest although still controversial is \"Persian imperial authorisation\". This proposes that the Persians of the Achaemenid Empire after","Chylonia Cisowa Dąbrowa Działki Leśne Grabówek Kamienna Góra Karwiny Leszczynki Mały Kack Obłuże Oksywie Orłowo Pogórze Pustki Cisowskie-Demptowo Redłowo Śródmieście Wielki Kack Witomino-Leśniczówka Witomino-Radiostacja Wzgórze Św. Maksymiliana \"Osiedles\": Bernadowo Brzozowa Góra Chwarzno Dąbrówka Demptowo Dębowa Góra Fikakowo Gołębiewo Kacze Buki Kolibki Kolonia Chwaszczyno Kolonia Rybacka Krykulec Marszewo Międzytorze Niemotowo Osada","second edition) \"A Gothic Story\". The effect of Gothic fiction feeds on a pleasing sort of terror an extension of Romantic literary pleasures that were relatively new at the time of Walpole's novel. It originated in England in the second half of the 18th century where following Walpole it was","Jodocus Badius \"Gesta Danorum\" was refined and printed. The first printed press publication and the oldest known complete text of Saxo\u2019s works is Christiern Pedersen's Latin edition printed and published by Jodocus Badius in Paris France on 15 March 1514 under the title of \"Danorum Regum heroumque Historiae\" (\"History of","translated between localized editions. Gameplay also tends to de-emphasize or entirely exclude verbal communication as a game element with many games being fully playable if all players know the rules even if they do not speak a common language. Some publishers design games that contain instructions and game elements in","Oxford American Dictionary\" gave only \"jif\" in its 2nd edition but updated it to \"jif gif\" in its 3rd edition. The disagreement over the pronunciation led to heated Internet debate. On the occasion of receiving a lifetime achievement award at the 2013 Webby Award ceremony Wilhite rejected the hard-\"G\" pronunciation","the Jesuit novitiate he had already sent some to Bridges who with a few other friends was one of the few people to see many of them for some years. After Hopkins's death they were distributed to a wider audience mostly fellow poets and in 1918 Bridges by then poet","his teaching activities but died at Heidelberg in 1949 without being able to complete his planned updated edition of his textbook on legal philosophy. In September 1945 Radbruch published a short paper \"Fünf Minuten Rechtsphilosophie\" (five minutes of legal philosophy) that was influential in shaping the jurisprudence of values (Wertungsjurisprudenz)","and a falling off in readership among older children have been put forward as the principal reasons for this change in trend. Blyton published her last book in the Noddy series \"Noddy and the Aeroplane\" in February 1964. In May the following year she published \"Mixed Bag\" a song book","editing functionality built into Emacs the remainder being written in C (as is the Lisp interpreter itself). Emacs Lisp is also referred to as Elisp although there is also an older unrelated Lisp dialect with that name. Users of Emacs commonly write Emacs Lisp code to customize and extend Emacs.","in manuscript in as many lines as there was room for beneath the picture. For the first three editions most are typeset as respectively two five and three lines. The cover of one edition bears an entire limerick typeset in two lines: In Lear's limericks the first and last lines","1998. In a similar fashion to the first \"Evil Dead\" film and \"Army of Darkness\" there have been numerous DVD releases of \"Evil Dead II\". The film was released on DVD by Anchor Bay on August 29 2000 in the form of a Limited Edition Tin and was re-released by","with Gibbon \"often tempted to throw away the labours of seven years\" the first volume of what was to become his life's major achievement \"The History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire\" was published on 17 February 1776. Through 1777 the reading public eagerly consumed three editions","its codes into a draft international standard. The 15th edition of \"Ethnologue\" was the first edition to use this standard called ISO 639-3. This standard is now administered separately from Ethnologue (though still by SIL according to rules established by ISO and since then \"Ethnologue\" relies on the standard to","editing perfection and insulting the other since at least 1985. Related battles have been fought over operating systems programming languages version control systems and even source code indent style. Notably unlike other wars (e.g. UNIX vs ITS vs VMS C vs Pascal vs Fortran) the editor war has yet to","was fake MacNeill ordered the Volunteers to prepare to resist. Unbeknownst to MacNeill the document had been forged by the Military Council to persuade moderates of the need for their planned uprising. It was an edited version of a real document outlining British plans in the event of conscription. That","of the filmmaker is apparent. The cinematic essay often blends documentary fiction and experimental film making using tones and editing styles. The genre is not well-defined but might include propaganda works of early Soviet parliamentarians like Dziga Vertov present-day filmmakers including Chris Marker Michael Moore (\"Roger & Me\" (1989) \"Bowling","an entertainment show organised by the EBU which took place in 2010 2011 and 2012 in Geneva. Children aged between 7-14 representing 8 countries within the EBU membership area performed a variety of circus acts at the \"Geneva Christmas Circus\" (). The main show was also accompanied by the \"Magic","Zoke Culture","Nobel prize he received helped him to establish the Kocher Institute in Bern. A number of instruments (for example the craniometer) and surgical techniques (for example the Kocher manoeuvre and kocher incision) are named after him as well as the Kocher-Debre-Semelaigne syndrome. The Kocher manoeuvre is still a standard practice","it was edited by his son Prince Toneri and the work was written during the reigns of his wife and children causing one to suspect its accuracy and impartiality. He is also mentioned briefly in the preface to the \"Kojiki\" being hailed as the emperor to have commissioned them. Tenmu's","work.","Is the News\" and \"Ticket to the Moon\". The band embarked on their last world tour to promote the LP. For the tour Kaminski returned to the line-up on violin whilst synthesiser players Louis Clark and Dave Morgan also joined the band. Jeff Lynne wanted to follow \"Time\" with a","rock club which finally saw an official release as part of the \"2½ Years\" box set in 1993. In 1979 he released his third album \"Armed Forces\" (originally to have been titled \"Emotional Fascism\" a phrase that appeared on the album's inner sleeve). American editions included a 45rpm EP recorded","in their approach and attitude toward the problem. Nathaniel Gage (1917 -2008) is an important figure in educational psychology as his research focused on improving teaching and understanding the processes involved in teaching. He edited the book \"Handbook of Research on Teaching\" (1963) which helped develop early research in teaching","his death. These laws and codes were edited and enacted by Fujiwara no Nakamaro a grandson of Fuhito and published as \"Yōrō ritsuryō\" under the name of Fuhito. The taxation system which had been introduced by Empress Jitō in the late 7th century began to malfunction. To compensate for the","late 5th century the Indian mathematician and astronomer Aryabhata described the algorithm as the \"pulverizer\" perhaps because of its effectiveness in solving Diophantine equations. Although a special case of the Chinese remainder theorem had already been described in the Chinese book \"Sunzi Suanjing\" the general solution was published by Qin","a theological bridge between the origins of monasticism and its spread throughout the church. On 5 October 1920 Pope Benedict XV proclaimed Ephrem a Doctor of the Church (\"Doctor of the Syrians\"). This proclamation was made before critical editions of Ephrem's authentic writings were available. The most popular title for","new ideas like relativity coming from Germany. Since Fermi was quite at home in the lab doing experimental work this did not pose insurmountable problems for him. While writing the appendix for the Italian edition of the book \"Fundamentals of Einstein Relativity\" by August Kopff in 1923 Fermi was the","the AFL granted Essendon the ability to upgrade all five of their rookie listed players and to sign an additional ten players to cover the loss of the suspended players for the season. Due to this unprecedented situation many in the football community predicted the club would go through the","through interaction alone. Edits must be made directly to ELIZA\u2019s active script in order to change the manner by which the program operates. Weizenbaum first implemented ELIZA in his own SLIP list-processing language where depending upon the initial entries by the user the illusion of human intelligence could appear or","compose his music and never learned to speak English. But given that the composer has always worked in a wide field of composition genres from absolute music which he has always produced to applied music working as orchestrator as well as conductor in the recording field and then as a","published another edition in Bologna in 1496. The original Greek was first published in Venice with the Simplicius's commentary in 1528 and an English translation appeared as early as 1567. The book was a common school text in Scotland during the Scottish Enlightenment. Adam Smith had a 1670 edition in","had become a successful illustrator having produced work for illustrated editions of Aesop's Fables \"David Copperfield\" and \"Tom Brown's Schooldays\" while at the same time working as an illustrator on the staff of \"Punch\". The couple bought a house in London but in 1905 moved to Shamley Green near Guildford.","Bourland and Johnston then edited a third book \"E-Prime III: a third anthology\" published in 1997. Korzybski (1879\u20131950) determined that two forms of the verb 'to be'\u2014the 'is' of identity and the 'is' of predication\u2014had structural problems. For example the sentence \"The coat is red\" has no observer the sentence","the early editions of Haeckel\u2019s \"Anthropogenie\" remain the most famous. The different species are arranged in columns and the different stages in rows. Similarities can be seen along the first two rows; the appearance of specialized characters in each species can be seen in the columns and a diagonal interpretation","afterword to \"My Disillusionment in Russia\" she wrote: \"There is no greater fallacy than the belief that aims and purposes are one thing while methods and tactics are another... The means employed become through individual habit and social practice part and parcel of the final purpose...\" In the same chapter","the work done at Netscape. This led to the official release of the language specification ECMAScript published in the first edition of the ECMA-262 standard in June 1997 with JavaScript being the most well known of the implementations. ActionScript and JScript are other well-known implementations of ECMAScript. The standards process","Beauty: The Life of Edna St Vincent Millay\" published in 2001. Milford was sought out by Millay's only living connection at the time her sister Norma Millay Ellis and was chosen for her previous successful biography \"Zelda\". Milford would then go on to edit and write an introduction for a","the \"Second Edition\". It was licensed to RedBrick in 2003 who released the Classic Edition in 2005 and the game's Third Edition in 2009 (the latter through Mongoose Publishing's Flaming Cobra imprint). The license is now held (again) by FASA Corporation through FASA Games Inc. who have released the Fourth","qualitiesmost of his least \"tragic\" plays are in the Alphabet edition and possibly the other two tragedians would appear just as genre-bending as this \"restless experimenter\" if we possessed more than their \"select\" editions. \"See Extant plays below for listing of \"Select\" and \"Alphabetical\" plays.\" The original production dates of","any text entered replaces the original. While editing a line pressing Ctrl-C cancels any changes. The * marker remains on that line. Entering I (optionally preceded with a line number) inserts one or more lines before the * line or the line given. When finished entering lines Ctrl-C returns to","gardens. Her time at Hope End would inspire her in later life to write her most ambitious work \"Aurora Leigh\" (1856) which went through more than 20 editions by 1900 but none between 1905 and 1978. She was educated at home and tutored by Daniel McSwiney with her oldest brother.","edition in 1872 (though earlier editions did use the word \"evolved\") by which time Herbert Spencer had given it scientific currency with a broad definition of progression in complexity (orthogenesis) in 1862. Edward B. Tylor and Lewis H Morgan brought the term \"evolution\" to anthropology though they tended toward the","first chapter included an illustration: \"As some of my readers may never have seen a drawing of an embryo I have given one of man and another of a dog at about the same early stage of development carefully copied from two works of undoubted accuracy\" with a footnote citing","in his preface to the second edition Butler wrote \"I regret that reviewers have in some cases been inclined to treat the chapters on Machines as an attempt to reduce Mr. Darwin's theory to an absurdity. Nothing could be further from my intention and few things would be more distasteful","times on VHS during the 1980s and 1990s \"Escape from New York\" was released on DVD twice by MGM (USA) and once by Momentum Pictures (UK). One MGM release is a barebones edition containing just the theatrical trailer. Another version is the Collector's Edition a two-disc set featuring a High","community in general as","interactive structure but also because of the site\u2019s hortative discourse which is not found in traditional encyclopedias. By Wikipedia\u2019s hortative discourse Hartelius means various encouragements to edit certain topics and instructions on how to do so that appear on the site. One further reason to the emergence of dialogic expertise","team has periodically worn an all-white kit. Although England's first away kits were blue England's traditional away colours are red shirts white shorts and red socks. In 1996 England's away kit was changed to grey shirts shorts and socks. This kit was only worn three times including against Germany in","made possible through advances in genome editing leading to what is sometimes called new eugenics also known as neo-eugenics consumer eugenics or liberal eugenics. While eugenic principles have been practiced as far back in world history as ancient Greece the modern history of eugenics began in the early 20th century","currently in the National Gallery of Art in Washington D.C. Manet painted several boating subjects in 1874. \"Boating\" now in the Metropolitan Museum of Art exemplifies in its conciseness the lessons Manet learned from Japanese prints and the abrupt cropping by the frame of the boat and sail adds to","priest-scribe (but not high priest) and Nehemiah the secular governor on the one hand and Joshua and Zerubbabel on the other hand. The early 2nd-century BCE Jewish author Ben Sira praises Nehemiah but makes no mention of Ezra. Richard Friedman argued in his book \"Who Wrote the Bible?\" (p. 232 1997","Rice Burroughs and the Martian Vision\". Galloway was identified by James Gunn as \"one of the half-dozen finest Burroughs scholars in the world\"; Galloway called Holtsmark his \"most important predecessor.\" These three texts have been published by various houses in","level regardless of the weather conditions. A year later on July 24 1946 another aircraft narrowly missed striking the building. The unidentified twin-engine plane scraped past the observation deck scaring the tourists there. On January 24 2000 an elevator in the building suddenly descended 40 stories after a cable that","were added to the Deuteronomistic History in four stages. The first stage dates from the final edition of the History about 560 BC when the three stories of Naboth\u2019s vineyard the death of Ahaziah and the story of Jehu\u2019s coup were included to embody the themes of the reliability of","of his outlines at all closely as the \"characters get away from me and do exactly as they damn please.\" After completing the rough draft of \"Galactic Patrol\" he wrote the concluding chapter of the last book in the series \"Children of the Lens.\" \"Galactic Patrol\" was published in the","original edition contained the \"Fortune\" deck of thirty-six cards used for \"divination\" and action-resolution as well as ninety \"Vision\" cards used as source material. Each Vision card depicts a fantastic scene of some sort and is backed with a series of leading questions such as \"What does this person most","allows users to edit compile and debug Eiffel projects from within the Microsoft Visual Studio IDE. Five other open source implementations are available: \"The Eiffel Compiler\" tecomp Gobo Eiffel SmartEiffel\u2014the GNU implementation based on an older version of the language\u2014 LibertyEiffel\u2014based on the SmartEiffel compiler\u2014 and Visual Eiffel. Several other","whenever she was away. According to Lucasta Miller in her analysis of Brontë biographies \"Charlotte took on the role of Emily's first mythographer.\" In the \"Preface\" to the Second Edition of \"Wuthering Heights\" in 1850 Charlotte wrote: Emily's unsociability and extremely shy nature have subsequently been reported many times. According","Project Management Institute's first PMBOK Guide in 1987 and was expanded in subsequent editions. In the most recent edition of the PMBOK guide EVM is listed among the general tools and techniques for processes to control project costs. The construction industry was an early commercial adopter of EVM. Closer integration","for example ISPF in z/OS can browse and edit both EBCDIC and ASCII encoded files). Software and many hardware peripherals can translate to and from encodings and modern mainframes (such as IBM zSeries) include processor instructions at the hardware level to accelerate translation between character sets. There is an EBCDIC-oriented","he loved. This prescient \"love letter\" to the city was re-published in 1999 on his centennial with an introduction by his stepson Roger Angell. In 1959 White edited and updated \"The Elements of Style\". This handbook of grammatical and stylistic guidance for writers of American English was first written and","a whole is considered a unitary (albeit lengthy) prayer no one moment within it can be readily singled out. Anglican eucharistic theology is not merely memorialist (the belief that nothing special happens at the Lord's Supper other than devotional reflection on Christ's death). Editions of the Book of Common Prayer","and directed \"Necromania\" (sometimes subtitled \"A Tale of Weird Love\") under the pseudonym \"Don Miller\". The film was an early entry to the new subgenre of hardcore pornographic film. Thought lost for years it resurfaced in edited form on Mike Vraney's Something Weird imprint in the late 1980s then was","It is now the second most-popular sport in Fiji after rugby (union 15's and union 7's) for men and after netball for women. The Fiji Football Association is a","variety of scales and modes enlivened by \"unusual rhythmic combinations\". His left hand was capable of smooth legato technique while Zappa's right was \"one of the fastest pick hands in the business.\" His song \"Outside Now\" from \"Joe's Garage\" poked fun at the negative reception of Zappa's guitar technique by","which could be duplicated in no other medium \u2014 is editing. He argues that editing a film is like constructing a building. Brick-by-brick (shot-by-shot) the building (film) is erected. His often-cited Kuleshov Experiment established that montage can lead the viewer to reach certain conclusions about the action in a film. Montage","and produced \"Bram Stoker's Dracula\". Adapted from Bram Stoker's novel it was intended to be more faithful to the book than previous film adaptations. Coppola cast Gary Oldman in the film's title role with Keanu Reeves Winona Ryder and Anthony Hopkins in supporting roles. The movie became a box-office hit","film writing production editing and criticism. American scholar David Bordwell has spoken against many prominent developments in film theory since the 1970s i.e. he uses the derogatory term \"SLAB theory\" to refer to film studies based on the ideas of Saussure Lacan Althusser and Barthes. Instead Bordwell promotes what he","as the \"moving camera composition editing lighting and all varieties of sound.\" While acknowledging the value in inserting positive representations of women in film some critics asserted that real change would only come about from reconsidering the role of film in society often from a semiotic point of view. Claire","of the French New Wave movement which gave directors such as Jean-Luc Godard Claude Chabrol and Jacques Rivette a wider audience. The New Wave dealt with a self-conscious rejection of traditional cinema structure. This was a topic on which Truffaut had been writing for years. Following the success of \"The","cinema was an ideal art form being a fresh medium and able to be manipulated by speed special effects and editing. Most of the futuristic-themed films of this period have been lost but critics cite \"Thaïs\" (1917) by Anton Giulio Bragaglia as one of the most influential serving as the","with fascism and Nazism; 20th century scholars contested this interpretation of his work and corrected editions of his writings were soon made available. His thought enjoyed renewed popularity in the 1960s and his ideas have since had a profound impact on 20th and early-21st century thinkers across philosophy\u2014especially in schools","with some success to have English traditional songs (in his own heavily edited and expurgated versions) to be taught to school children in hopes of reviving and prolonging the popularity of those songs. Throughout the 1960s and early to mid-1970s American scholar Bertrand Harris Bronson published an exhaustive four-volume collection","the highest-grossing film of all time at the time up until \"Avatar\" (2009) also directed by James Cameron independent films like Steven Soderbergh's \"Sex Lies and Videotape\" (1989) and Quentin Tarantino's \"Reservoir Dogs\" (1992) had significant commercial success both at the cinema and on home video. Filmmakers associated with the","are inducted each year at the banquet at FilKONtario. A small editorial committee combines and edits the text of the nomination(s) to produce a citation which is read aloud at the banquet presented to","a part of the government and any material that was found politically offensive or undesirable was either removed edited reshot or shelved. The definition of \"socialist realism\" was liberalized to allow development of more human characters but communism still had to remain uncriticized in its fundamentals. Additionally the degree of","shadow patterning\u2014a style known as chiaroscuro (a term adopted from Renaissance painting). The shadows of Venetian blinds or banister rods cast upon an actor a wall or an entire set are an iconic visual in noir and had already become a cliché well before the neo-noir era. Characters' faces may","at the flute's side instead of the top. Chi flutes are mentioned in \"Shi Jing\" compiled and edited by Confucius according to tradition. The earliest written reference to a flute is from a Sumerian-language cuneiform tablet dated to c. 2600\u20132700 BCE. Flutes are also mentioned in a recently translated tablet","editing shot composition and music. The shoot-out that ends Sergio Leone's Spaghetti Western \"Dollars\" trilogy is a notable example of how these elements work together to produce an effect: The shot selection goes from very wide to very close and tense; the length of shots decreases as the sequence progresses","was completed Wright and Mamah Cheney met up in Europe leaving their spouses and children behind. Wright had begun to reject the upper-middle class Prairie Style single-family house model intending to work on more democratic architecture. He was also frustrated by not getting larger commissions for commercial or public buildings.","government later decided to construct a new RAF base as the centrepiece of plans to considerably strengthen the island's defences. This was intended to deter any future Argentine attempts to take the islands by force again. It was a massive undertaking requiring the construction of the world's longest corridor a","the emigration of many film-makers and the political restrictions the period was not without technical and aesthetic innovations the introduction of Agfacolor film production being a notable example. Technical and aesthetic achievement could also be turned to the specific ends of the Nazi state most spectacularly in the work of","of painter Pierre-Auguste Renoir directed \"La Grande Illusion\" (\"The Grand Illusion\"). In 1939 Renoir directed \"La Règle du Jeu\" (\"The Rules of the Game\"). Several critics have cited this film as one of the greatest of all-time particularly for its innovative camerawork cinematography and sound editing. Marcel Carné's \"Les Enfants","that honour. The year 1954 saw two of Japan's most influential films released. The first was the Kurosawa epic \"Seven Samurai\" about a band of hired samurai who protect a helpless village from a rapacious gang of thieves. The same year Ishirō Honda directed the anti-nuclear monster-drama \"Godzilla\" which was","owner can be assured of a good showing at the box office. The digital formation of sets and locations especially in the time of growing film series and sequels is that virtual sets once computer generated and stored can be easily revived for future films. Considering digital film images are","des","Datura Society Inc. (ABADS) is designated in the 2004 edition of the International Code of Nomenclature for Cultivated Plants as the official International Cultivar Registration Authority for \"Datura\". This role was delegated to ABADS by the International Society for Horticultural Science in 2002. \"Datura\" species are usually planted annually from","having a lower TV-Y7-FV rating just like past dubs Studiopolis dubbed the anime on Jetix with far more edits changes censorship and cut footage. This included giving the Japanese characters full Americanized names and American surnames as well as applying far more Americanization (Marcus Damon as opposed to the Japanese","knife injuries. He said that the victims had died from a combination of blunt force trauma and drowning in a crime which he believed was driven by personal cause. Three films ' ' and \"\" directed by Joe Berlinger and Bruce Sinofsky have documented this case and are strongly critical","an enthusiastic release while American film audiences found it confounding - as convoluted as an abstract painting. On viewing the first release print fresh from the lab in his screening room at Universal MCA founder Jules Stein rose from his chair and said \"I just don't understand this younger generation.\"","publish the comic in their daily edition. The amateur comics magazine Iris (1990 - 1995) (re)published a number of DirkJan comics","archives of several individuals businesses and organisations based in Dundee and the surrounding area. The records held include a substantial number of business archives relating to the jute and linen industry in Dundee; records of other businesses including the archives of the Alliance Trust and the department store G. L.","in America. The original 1952 recording of \"A Child's Christmas in Wales\" was a 2008 selection for the United States National Recording Registry stating that it is \"credited with launching the audiobook industry in the United States\". In April 1953 Thomas returned alone for a third tour of America. He","Revolution\" and \"Valkyrie dimension\" on Single Challenge and Double Challenge. However the game still allows players to rate their custom edit data up to maximum. The foot-rating system was completely removed for 6th Mix and replaced by the \"Groove Radar\". The Groove Radar is a graphical representation of the difficulty","contemporary Alexandrian scholars who edited Attic Greek and Homeric texts was concerned with facilitating the teaching of classic Greek literature to an audience","Short Account of Scots","his bread by the sweat of his brow only to have his horses speed him to his end by Death. The Latin from the 1549 Italian edition pictured here reads: \"In sudore vultus tui vesceris pane tuo.\" (\"Through the sweat of thy brow you shall eat your bread\") quoting Genesis","of the province of France publishes \"L'Année Dominicaine\" (founded 1859) \"La Revue des Sciences Philosophiques et Theologiques\" (1907) and \"La Revue de la Jeunesse\" (1909). French Dominicans founded and administer the École Biblique et Archéologique française de Jérusalem founded in 1890 by Père Marie-Joseph Lagrange O.P. (1855\u20131938) one of the","movies except those intended for children are usually shown in their original version with Japanese subtitles. Foreign films usually contain multiple Japanese-dubbing versions but with several different original Japanese-dubbing voice actors depending upon which TV station they are aired. NHK Nippon TV Fuji TV TV Asahi and TBS usually follow","other cinematic \"artificialities\" giving rise to criticisms not just of his trenchant dogmatism but also of his cinematic technique. Vertov explains himself in \"On 'Kinopravda'\": in editing \"chance film clippings\" together for the Kino-Nedelia series he \"began to doubt the necessity of a literary connection between individual visual elements spliced","even sixth string was added (F\u2013A\u2013D\u2013F\u2013A). The popularity of the instrument is documented in Leopold Mozart's second edition of his Violinschule where he writes \"One can bring forth difficult passages easier with the five-string violone and I heard unusually beautiful performances of concertos trios solos etc.\" The earliest known concerto","and work containing interviews with Rosa and articles by many Italian and European Disney artists Disney scholars and established art critics commenting on Rosa's work and career also including many exclusive rare Rosa drawings and illustrations. The","Ace Double. \"The Encyclopedia of Science Fiction\" (first edition 1979) calls Wollheim \"one of the first and most vociferous sf fans.\" He published numerous fanzines and co-edited the early \"Fanciful Tales of Space and Time\". His importance to early fandom is chronicled in the 1974 book \"The Immortal Storm\" by","be eliminated from the investigation process. He described the method in his posthumously published memoir: The fourth edition of his textbook \"Psychiatrie\" published in 1893 two years after his arrival at Heidelberg contained some impressions of the patterns Kraepelin had begun to find in his index cards. Prognosis (course and","and edited by Seward Collins. Pivotal among Belloc's and Chesterton's other works regarding distributism are \"The Servile State\" and \"Outline of Sanity\". Although a majority of distributism's later supporters were not Catholics and many were in fact former radical socialists who had become disillusioned with socialism distributist thought was adopted","the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame on 17 January 1996. Incorporating experiments in British jungle and drum 'n' bass \"Earthling\" (1997) was a critical and commercial success in the UK and the US and two singles from the album \u2013 \"Little Wonder\" and \"Dead Man Walking\" \u2013 became UK","charity while he was researching his novel \"Midnight\" a book which included a CCI-trained dog a black Labrador Retriever named Moose. In 2004 Koontz wrote and edited \"Life Is Good: Lessons in Joyful Living\" in her name and in 2005 Koontz wrote a second book credited to Trixie \"Christmas Is","and produced an adaptation of \"The Cat in the Hat\" in 1971. From 1972 to 1983 Geisel wrote six animated specials that were produced by DePatie-Freleng: \"The Lorax\" (1972); \"Dr. Seuss on the Loose\" (1973); \"The Hoober-Bloob Highway\" (1975); \"Halloween Is Grinch Night\" (1977); \"Pontoffel Pock Where Are You?\" (1980);","cut released to theatres in Germany in 1981 and America in 1982. It was nominated for six Academy Awards (Cinematography Directing Film Editing Sound (Milan Bor Trevor Pyke and Mike Le Mare) Sound Effects Editing and Writing). The film was partly financed by German television broadcasters WDR and the SDR","Descartes were also now influencing his thought. In 1910 he became joint editor of the journal \"Logos\". During this period Husserl had delivered lectures on \"internal time consciousness\" which several decades later his former student Heidegger edited for publication. In 1912 at Freiburg the journal \"Jahrbuch für Philosophie und Phänomenologische","\"D\" and seven \"A\"s; thus \"Britannica\" received an average score of 92% for accuracy to \"Americana\"s 95% and \"Collier's\" 92%. In the timeliness category \"Britannica\" averaged an 86% to \"Americana\"'s 90% and \"Collier's\" 85%. The most notable competitor of the \"Britannica\" among CD/DVD-ROM digital encyclopaedias was \"Encarta\" now discontinued a","of a dialogue or soliloquy. Although all the months together form an entire year each month stands alone as a separate poem. Editions of the late 16th and early 17th centuries include woodcuts for each month/poem and thereby have a slight similarity to an emblem book which combines a number","submitted; Hemingway's first piece published in January 1916 was about a local performance by the Chicago Symphony Orchestra. He edited the \"Trapeze\" and the \"Tabula\" (the yearbook) imitating the language of sportswriters taking the pen name Ring Lardner Jr.\u2014a nod to Ring Lardner of the \"Chicago Tribune\" whose byline was \"Line","two novels of Sartre's \"The Roads to Freedom\" trilogy had appeared as had Beauvoir's novel \"The Blood of Others\". Works by Camus and Sartre were already appearing in foreign editions. The Paris-based existentialists had become famous. Sartre had traveled to Germany in 1930 to study the phenomenology of Edmund Husserl","wrapped in hooks that hit your psyche with the force of a blowtorch.\" \"The Downward Spiral\" has been listed on several publications' best album lists. In 2003 the album was ranked number 201 on \"Rolling Stone\" magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time and number 201 on","\"The music is what sells. Not me or what I stand for ... that's the way I've always wanted it\". She is not married and is a surrogate aunt to the Ryans' two daughters. In 1991 she said: \"I'm afraid of marriage because I'm afraid someone might want me because of","65 years of age while 2.5% was 65 years or older. UN medium variant population projections as of 2010 expected a radically reduced growth rate of 2.0% during the 2020s and of 1.8% during the 2030s. This was corrected as too optimistic an outlook in the 2012 edition which now","about 1983 he adopted it; he currently has a third edition in print. Paul Dourish maintains an archived original version of the Jargon File because he says Raymond's updates \"essentially destroyed what held it together.\" In 1996 Raymond took over development of the open-source email software \"popclient\" renaming it to","and the new Federal Republic of Germany on the other. When Rommel's alleged involvement in the plot to kill Hitler became known after the war his stature was enhanced in the eyes of his former adversaries. Rommel was often cited in Western sources as a patriotic German willing to stand","on editing together recorded fragments of natural and industrial sounds. Music produced solely from electronic generators was first produced in Germany in 1953. Electronic music was also created in Japan and the United States beginning in the 1950s. An important new development was the advent of computers to compose music.","it passed northward into Veneto and from there through Raetia into the Germanic lands where it became the Elder Futhark alphabet the oldest form of the runes. The Etruscan corpus is edited in the \"Thesaurus Linguae Etruscae\" (TLE). The Pyrgi Tablets are a bilingual text in Etruscan and Phoenician engraved","That decision was based on a text written and edited by Schuman's friend and colleague the Foreign Ministry lawyer professor Paul Reuter with the assistance of economist Jean Monnet and Schuman's Directeur de Cabinet Bernard Clappier. It laid out a plan for a European Community to pool the coal and","by Joris Ivens and","at West Point many of whom donated 75 cents to the cause raising a total of $170. They may have been expecting verses similar to the satirical ones that Poe had been writing about commanding officers. It was printed by Elam Bliss of New York labeled as \"Second Edition\" and including","A \"news blackout\" was imposed on reporting of uprisings in Arab states in North Africa in 2011 according to the Committee to Protect Journalists. Most of the media companies practice heavy self-censorship and are banned by law from criticising public figures. The state-owned media and the main private radio station","lower case and in his later books the titles and his name were always in lower case.\" According to Cummings's widow however this is incorrect. She wrote to Friedman: \"You should not have allowed H. Moore to make such a stupid & childish statement about Cummings & his signature.\" On","bird life saw a blind nestling pushing out a host's egg. Her description and illustration of this were enough to convince Charles Darwin to revise a later edition of \"On the Origin of Species\". Jenner married Catherine Kingscote (died 1815 from tuberculosis) in March 1788. He might have met her","under the fledgling WildStorm sub-imprint America's Best Comics (ABC) a series of titles created by Alan Moore including \"The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen\" \"Tom Strong\" and \"Promethea\". Moore strongly contested this situation and DC eventually stopped publishing ABC. In March 2003 DC acquired publishing and merchandising rights to the long-running","day the Premier League is the world's most-watched football league most lucrative and amongst the elite. As is the case throughout the UK football in England is renowned for the intense rivalries between clubs and the passion of the supporters which includes a tradition of football chants such as \"You're","claimed to have. Although the original copy in which Fermat wrote this is lost today Fermat's son edited the next edition of Diophantus published in 1670. Even though the text is otherwise inferior to the 1621 edition Fermat's annotations\u2014including the \"Last Theorem\"\u2014were printed in this version. Fermat was not the","editions of the frames have the same width across the newer editions are not square-shaped and are longer down the middle of the board compared to the sides.) \"Heading to New Shores\" (\"New Shores\" in older editions) is the scenario resembling Teuber's original design for the game. The game board","with the film's editing. Paul edited a majority of the film although Coen notably edited the shed sequence. Coen had been inspired by Raimi's \"Within the Woods\" and liked the idea of producing a prototype film to help build the interest of investors. Joel used the concept to help make","request of 'Abdu\u2019l-Baha Agnes Baldwin Alexander became an early advocate of Esperanto and used it to spread the Bahá\u2019í teachings at meetings and conferences in Japan. Today there exists an active sub-community of Bahá'í Esperantists and various volumes of Bahá'í literature have been translated into Esperanto. In 1973 the Bahá'í","the earliest remaining copies of the \"Elements\" and most of the copies say they are \"from the edition of Theon\" or the \"lectures of Theon\" while the text considered to be primary held by the Vatican mentions no author. The only reference that historians rely on of Euclid having written","into Esperanto together with two Cugel stories and made available on-line as e-books by a long-time fan and Vance Integral Edition co-worker. Permission to translate and distribute (only into Esperanto) was obtained informally direct from the author and since his death in 2013 continues with ongoing permission from the author's","applied to indigenous languages. In the 1929 edition of Encyclopædia Britannica he published what was then the most authoritative classification of Native American languages and the first based on evidence from modern comparative linguistics. He was the first to produce evidence for the classification of the Algic Uto-Aztecan and Na-Dene","of its energy-saving","form we would recognize today with a comprehensive scope of topics discussed in depth and organized in an accessible systematic method. Chambers in 1728 followed the earlier lead of John Harris's \"Lexicon Technicum\" of 1704 and later editions (see also below); this work was by its title and content \"A","red white and blue light. Two searchlights mounted on a circular rail were used to illuminate various buildings of the exposition. The daily opening and closing of the exposition were announced by a cannon at the top. On the second level the French newspaper \"Le Figaro\" had an office and","the first edition of which was published in 1610 but which has texts of much older date containing among the Easter Blessings of Food one for eggs along with those for lamb bread and new produce. The blessing is for consumption as a food rather than decorated. Sociology professor Kenneth","of evolution obliquely in a question at the end of a long footnote to his popular poem \"The Loves of the Plants\" (1789) which was republished throughout the 1790s in several editions as \"The Botanic Garden\". His poetic concept was to anthropomorphise the stamen (male) and pistil (female) sexual organs","a director of feature-length documentaries. Those interviewed ranged from Laura Bush to Iggy Pop to Kenneth Arrow to Morris's 15-year-old son Hamilton. Morris was nominated for an Emmy for this short film. He considered editing this footage into a feature-length film focusing on Donald Trump discussing \"Citizen Kane\" (this segment","of the Daleks\"<br> \"Resurrection of the Daleks\"<br> \"Revelation of the Daleks\"<br> \"Remembrance of the Daleks\" Two Disc Special Edition","of this can be observed in the serials \"The Power of the Daleks\" \"The Evil of the Daleks\" and \"Planet of the Daleks\". Judicious editing techniques also gave the impression that there were more Daleks than were actually available such as using a split screen in \"The Parting of the","Humans\" in most editions) mutated humans sentient animals or plants and androids. Characters explore Ancient ruins and strange post-apocalyptic societies to gain knowledge of the Ancients and social status for themselves. Common adventure themes involve protecting fragile post-apocalypse societies retrieving Ancient \"artifacts\" (science fiction gadgetry such as power armor laser","The Game Boy Advance was initially available in Arctic Black Orange Fuchsia Glacier (translucent blue/purple) and Indigo. Later in the system's availability additional colours and special editions were released. These editions include: Red Clear Orange/Black Platinum White Gold Hello Kitty edition (pink with Hello Kitty and logo on bezel) King","degree at the University of Bergen. Von Wright edited posthumous publications by Wittgenstein which were published by Blackwell (unless otherwise stated): Von Wright also edited extracts from the","\"Litzlberg am Attersee\" was auctioned for $40.4 million at Sotheby's in November 2011. The city of Vienna Austria had many special exhibitions commemorating the 150th anniversary of Klimt's birth in 2012. The only folio set produced in Klimt's lifetime \"Das Werk Gustav Klimts\" was published initially by H. O. Miethke","the ability to utilize field computers with the ability to edit live data using wireless connections or disconnected editing sessions. This has been enhanced by the availability of low-cost mapping-grade GPS units with decimeter accuracy in real time. This eliminates the need to post process import and update the data","October 2015 that he had considered achievable in May 2015 and that in September 2015 he had still considered the end-of-year deadline achievable. He further confirmed that some of the plot of the book might be revealed in the upcoming season of \"Game of Thrones\". In February 2016 Martin stated","rejected the Old Testament and followed a limited Christian canon which included only a redacted version of Luke and ten edited letters of Paul. Some scholars do not consider him to be a gnostic but his teachings clearly resemble some Gnostic teachings. He preached a radical difference between the God","healthy skin onto 80 percent of the boy's body which was affected by the illness. Germline gene therapy would result in any change being inheritable which has raised concerns within the scientific community. In 2015 CRISPR was used to edit the DNA of non-viable human embryos leading scientists of major","subsequent memoranda he advocated reorganizing the Austrian economy reforming the coinage of much of central Europe negotiating a Concordat between the Habsburgs and the Vatican and creating an imperial research library official archive and public insurance fund. He wrote and published an important paper on mechanics. Leibniz also wrote a","Zero\" and the novel \"Frozen Teardrop\". The manga also uses Hajime Katoki's Gundam redesigns from \"Endless Waltz\" and other subsequent media instead of the original Kunio Okawara designs featured in the anime. Vertical began publishing English editions of the manga volumes under the title \"Mobile Suit Gundam Wing: Endless Waltz","Servetus using the name \"Michel de Villeneuve\" during his stay in France was Vesalius' fellow student and the best Galenist at the University of Paris according to Johann Winter von Andernach who taught both. In the Galenism of the Renaissance editions of the \"Opera Omnia\" by Galen were very important.","See also genomics data sharing. On 19 March 2015 a group of leading biologists urged a worldwide ban on clinical use of methods particularly the use of CRISPR and zinc","had done with \"The Star-Spangled Banner\" at the Woodstock Festival 1969. Gentle Giant performed a version\u2014titled \"The Queen\"\u2014on their 1970 eponymous debut album. The rock band Queen recorded an instrumental version of \"God Save the Queen\" on their 1975 album \"A Night at the Opera\". It was arranged by guitarist","whose treaties on muscular electricity he edited with notes in 1791. He became professor of physics at Bologna in 1798 in succession to his uncle Luigi Galvani (1734\u20131819). His scientific work was chiefly concerned with galvanism anatomy and its medical applications with the construction and illumination of lighthouses and with","England by the famous traveler and music historian Dr. Burney. However Burney's edition does not show the ornamentation for which the work was famous. The music itself is rather basic\u2014church music at the time placed a large gap between written and performance practice\u2014embellishments were largely placed in the hands of","circulated English version a translation undertaken by Lonsdale and Laura Ragg and published in 1907. The Raggs' English version was quickly re-translated into Arabic by Rashid Rida in an edition published in Egypt in 1908. The Italian spelling is idiosyncratic in frequently doubling consonants and adding an intrusive initial \"h\"","style and his indefatigable pursuit of the perfect expression. His \"Œuvres Complètes\" (8 vols. 1885) were printed from the original manuscripts and included besides the works mentioned already the two plays \"Le Candidat\" and \"Le Château des cœurs\". Another edition (10 vols.) appeared in 1873\u201385. Flaubert's correspondence with George Sand","talent and practical business sense made him wealthy. In 1881 he published his first volume of short stories under the title of \"La Maison Tellier\"; it reached its twelfth edition within two years. In 1883 he finished his first novel \"Une Vie\" (translated into English as \"A Woman's Life\") 25000","her edition of the poem Ursula Dronke suggested it was borrowed from Old High German \"ginunga\" as the term Múspell is believed to have been borrowed from Old High German. An alternative etymology links the \"ginn-\" prefix with that found in terms with a sacral meaning such as \"ginn-heilagr\" \"ginn-regin\"","the European Cup semi-final in 1988 and the final in the following year while Hagi finished as one of the competition's top scorers in the former edition of the tournament. Hagi and Steaua were the champions of Romania in 1987 1988 and 1989 and as well as winning the Cupa","movements and editing. In 1955 Clokey showed \"Gumbasia\" to movie producer Sam Engel who encouraged him to develop his technique by animating figures into children's stories. Clokey moved forward producing a pilot episode featuring the character Gumby. The name \"Gumby\" came from the muddy clay found at Clokey's grandparents' farm","teacher of Greek at the University and edited texts by Isocrates and Plutarch printed by Gilles de Gourmont in 1509/1510. Entering the service of Eberhard prince-bishop of Liège he was sent by that prelate on a mission to Rome where Pope Leo X retained him giving him (1519) the office","be enormously popular especially at dance clubs. All three songs were released as singles via radio edits and all of them became hits. The album was instrumental in introducing disco music to the public \"Never Can Say Goodbye\" becoming the first song to top \"Billboard\" magazine's dance chart. The Jackson","basis of his pioneering work on drama titled \"Hamburgische Dramaturgie\". Unfortunately because of financial losses due to pirated editions of the \"Hamburgische Dramaturgie\" the Hamburg Theatre closed just three years later. In 1770 Lessing became librarian at the ducal library now the Herzog August Library (\"Herzog-August-Bibliothek\" \"Bibliotheca Augusta\") in Wolfenbüttel","why she had chosen to raise such a large family Mrs. Story is said to have replied \"I love my husband\"; to which Marx responded \"I love my cigar but I take it out of my mouth once in awhile.\" The remark was judged too risqué to be aired according","Comes Mistfall\" published in 1973 in \"Analog\" magazine. In 1975 his story \"...for a single yesterday\" about a post-apocalyptic timetripper was selected for inclusion in \"Epoch\" a science fiction anthology edited by Roger Elwood and Robert Silverberg. His first novel \"Dying of the Light\" was completed in 1976 right before","the text went through two to three redactions or \"editions\" before reaching its current form. John which regularly describes Jesus' opponents simply as \"the Jews\" is more consistently hostile to \"the Jews\" than any other body of New Testament writing. Historian and former Roman Catholic priest James Carroll states: \"The","in Norway 60% in Iceland 60\u201370% in Germany and between 50%\u201370% of the males in England and the Netherlands depending on region. Modern Germanic peoples include the Afrikaners Austrians Danes Dutch English Faroe Islanders Flemish Frisians Germans Icelanders Lowland Scots Luxembourgers Norwegians and Swedes. The Renaissance revived interest in pre-Christian","Romandy. Geneva is the main media centre for French-speaking Switzerland. It is the headquarters for the numerous French language radio and television networks of the Swiss Broadcasting Corporation known collectively as Radio Télévision Suisse. While both networks cover the whole of Romandy special programs related to Geneva are sometimes broadcast","K.'s Weekly\"; he also wrote articles for the \"Encyclopædia Britannica\" including the entry on Charles Dickens and part of the entry on Humour in the 14th edition (1929). His best-known character is the priest-detective Father Brown who appeared only in short stories while \"The Man Who Was Thursday\" is arguably","Huser edition of 1589\u20131591 from an autograph by Paracelsus). The term may be an original invention of Paracelsus possibly deriving the term from Latin \"gēnomos\" (itself representing a Greek literally \"earth-dweller\"). In this case the omission of the \"ē\" is as the Oxford English Dictionary (OED) calls it a blunder.","seem to have experienced a transfer of some genetic material from their chloroplast and mitochondrial genomes to their nuclear chromosomes. Recent empirical data suggest an important role of viruses and sub-viral RNA-networks to represent a main driving role to generate genetic novelty and natural genome editing. Works of science fiction","called \"Gaia and God: An Ecofeminist Theology of Earth Healing\". A book edited by Allan Hunt Badiner called Dharma Gaia explores the ground where Buddhism and ecology meet through writings by the Dalai Lama Gary Snyder Thich Nhat Hanh Allen Ginsberg Joanna Macy Robert Aitken and 25 other Buddhists and","by the BBC; this has never been proven. In 1940 his asthma worsened and with his German-produced medication unavailable he returned to using heroin once again becoming addicted. As the Blitz hit London Crowley relocated to Torquay where he was briefly hospitalised with asthma and entertained himself with visits to","his books; writing in the \"Times Literary Supplement\" in 1968 Garner commented that in preparation for writing his book \"Elidor\": In a paper published in the \"Children's Literature Association Quarterly\" Maria Nikolajeva characterised Garner as \"one of the most controversial\" authors of modern children's literature. In the fiftieth anniversary edition","in the legend. The first mention of \"the Ashes\" in Wisden Cricketers' Almanack occurs in 1905 while \"Wisden\"'s first account of the legend is in the 1922 edition. As it took many years for the name \"the Ashes\" to be given to ongoing series between England and Australia there was","prior. William Shakespeare's erotic narrative poem \"Venus and Adonis\" (1593) a retelling of the courtship of Aphrodite and Adonis from Ovid's \"Metamorphoses\" was the most popular of all his works published within his own lifetime. Six editions of it were published before Shakespeare's death (more than any of his other","not evading some form of justice for a variety of reasons \u2013 e.g. censors plot clarity and Christie's own changing tastes. (When Christie adapted \"Witness for the Prosecution\" into a stage play she lengthened the ending so that the murderer was also killed; this format was followed in screen versions including","the Caretaker\" and \"The Case of the Perfect Maid\". The Autograph edition of \"Miss Marple's Final Cases\" includes the eight in the original plus \"Greenshaw's Folly\". Although popular from her first appearance in 1930 Jane Marple had to wait thirty-two years for her first big-screen appearance starring Margaret Rutherford. These","Much of the knowledge about Ashoka comes from the several inscriptions that he had carved on pillars and rocks throughout the empire. All his inscriptions present him as compassionate and loving. In the Kalinga rock edits he addresses his people as his \"children\" and mentions that as a father he","third Léonor (1790\u20131869) followed Augustin into civil engineering succeeded him as Secretary of the Lighthouse Commission and helped to edit his collected works. The fourth Fulgence Fresnel (1795\u20131855) became a noted linguist diplomat and orientalist and occasionally assisted Augustin with negotiations. Léonor apparently was the only one of the four","This book which established his reputation was first published in English in 1910 as \"The Quest of the Historical Jesus\". Under this title the book became famous in the English-speaking world. A second German edition was published in 1913 containing theologically significant revisions and expansions: but this revised edition did","and both Best Adapted Screenplay and Best Film Editing for \"Children of Men\". For \"Gravity\" Cuarón received several major accolades for his achievement in direction winning in the respective categories at the Academy Awards the Golden Globe Awards the BAFTA Awards and the Directors Guild of America; and in addition","and announced their intention to release a new edition of the game. However no new edition was released before Guardians of Order went out of business in 2006. The two existing books are now out-of-print but they have been made available as PDF downloads. In June 2007 a new publishing","1980s and the 1990s saw a boom in popular-fiction versions of alternate history fueled by the emergence of the prolific alternate history author Harry Turtledove as well as the development of the steampunk genre and two series of anthologies\u2014the \"What Might Have Been\" series edited by Gregory Benford and the","alleviating concerns with autonomous systems\u2014it could be argued that the notion of autonomous machines without such a dimension is at the root of all fear concerning machine intelligence. Further investigation of machine ethics could enable the discovery of problems with current ethical theories advancing our thinking about Ethics.\" Machine ethics","in the Greek text the grammatical agreement is between \"myriads\" (not \"stadia\") on the one hand and both \"400\" and \"\" on the other as in Greek unlike English all three (or all four if one were to include \"stadia\") words are inflected. This has been translated either as \"stadia\"","Madeleine \"Et Nunc Manet in Te\". In 1924 he published an autobiography \"If it Die...\" (French: \"Si le grain ne meurt\"). In the same year he produced the first French language editions of Joseph Conrad's \"Heart of Darkness\" and \"Lord Jim\". After 1925 he began to campaign for more humane","to the American continents as where they are to build Zion. Common short forms and abbreviations are the \"United States\" the \"U.S.\" the \"U.S.A.\" and \"America\"; colloquial versions include the \"U.S. of A.\" and \"the States\". The term \"Columbia\" (from the Columbus surname) was a popular name for the U.S.","he died. The novel was an autobiographical work about his childhood in Algeria. The first publication of Camus (co-written by Jeanne-Paule Sicard Yves Bourgeois and Alfred Poignant and edited by Edmond Charlot) was Revolte dans les Asturies in May 1936. This concerned a revolt by Spanish miners brutally suppressed by","Pavia (1490) as the \"Liber Sextus Naturalium\" and the long account of Ibn Sina's philosophy given by Muhammad al-Shahrastani seems to be mainly an analysis and in many places a reproduction of the Al-Shifa'. A shorter form of the work is known as the An-najat (\"Liberatio\"). The Latin editions of","work was unveiled at a ceremony on Turing's birthday 23 June 2014 and is placed alongside busy Watling Street the old main road to London where Turing himself would have passed by on many occasions. On 22 October 2014 Turing was inducted into the NSA Hall of Honor. To mark","to the Nazi implementation of such practices in Germany. In the 1936 German introduction of his book at the publisher's request he added the following praise of the Nazi regime which did not appear in the editions in other languages: For the insane and the criminal he endorsed the use","or less) by Aristophanes. Most of these are traditionally referred","contemporary dance companies. The Australian Dance Theatre and Leigh Warren & Dancers contribute to state festivals and perform nationally and internationally. Restless Dance Theatre is also based in Adelaide and is nationally recognised for working with disabled and non-disabled dancers to use movement as a means of expression. Adelaide has","TC competition took place in 1937 with 12 races each in a different province. Future Formula One star Juan Manuel Fangio (Chevrolet) won the 1940 and 1941 editions of the TC. It was during this time that the series' Chevrolet-Ford rivalry began with Ford acquiring most of its historical victories.","that is part of the curriculum in BVI schools. The fungi bands also called \"scratch bands\" use instruments ranging from calabash washboard bongos and ukulele to more traditional western instruments like keyboard banjo guitar bass triangle and saxophone. Apart from being a form of festive dance music fungi often contains","unfavourable to his brand of Cartesianism Spinoza was compelled to abstain from publishing more of his works. Wary and independent he wore a signet ring which he used to mark his letters and which was engraved with a rose and the word \"caute\" (Latin for \"cautiously\"). The \"Ethics\" and all","kiss between Spears and Madonna generated strong reaction from the media. This performance was listed by \"Blender\" magazine as one of the twenty-five sexiest music moments on television history. MTV listed the performance as the number-one opening moments in the history of MTV Video Music Awards. Barbara Ellen of \"The","Testament. Somewhat different lists of accepted works continued to develop in antiquity. In the 4th century a series of synods produced a list of texts equal to the 39 46 51 or 54-book canon of the Old Testament and to the 27-book canon of the New Testament that would be","language community. Association football is the","bill passed the house with 234 votes against 200 opposed (132 Republicans and 102 Democrats voting in favor; 156 Democrats 43 Republicans and 1 independent against). The treaty was then ratified by the Senate and signed into law by the president. The Omnibus Crime Bill which Clinton signed into law","movie includes stock footage of Bronx housing projects from 1990 as well as some other scenes shot in Manhattan and Brooklyn. The 2012 documentary \"South Bronx United\" features the Mott Haven neighborhood and its conflict over the online grocery delivery service Fresh Direct's move of their trucking facility from Long","Philippines on January 12 1999 in Japan on February 24 and in Europe and Oceania on March 8. The album was re-released in Europe on June 30 2003 and the digital deluxe edition was released on December 25 2007 (Christmas Day) in the United States. On August 14 2017 it","the RIAA. A limited edition release included two bonus tracks on a separate disc recorded in the early 1960s and two years later on September 16 2003 this album was one of fifteen Dylan titles reissued and remastered for SACD hybrid playback. This album also released as LP record but","a subsequent review of the new direction of the linguistic relativity paradigm cemented the development. Since then considerable empirical research into linguistic relativity has been carried out especially at the Max Planck Institute for Psycholinguistics with scholarship motivating two edited volumes of linguistic relativity studies and in American Institutions by","there were handkerchiefs in the air hats raised hands so that Beethoven who could not hear the applause could at least see the ovations. The first German edition was printed by B. Schott's Söhne (Mainz) in 1826. The Breitkopf & Härtel edition dating from 1864 has been used widely by","titled \"\" Volume 1. The DVD set includes 40 episodes and 11 music video segments from the original shows. The set was followed by Volume 2 and Volume 3. On January 27 2008 MTV and Apple made all three collections available on the iTunes Store. A Blu-ray and DVD release","many mines re-opened to the public. Such mines may be visited in the Kinzig valley the Suggental the Muenster valley and around Todtmoos. The Black Forest was visited on several occasions by Count Otto von Bismarck during his years as Prussian and later German chancellor (1862\u20131890). Allegedly he especially was","file libraries on compact disk that made initial setup very easy. Early 1990s editions of \"Boardwatch\" were filled with ads for single-click install solutions dedicated to these new sysops. While this gave the market a bad reputation it also led to its greatest success. During the early 1990s there were","with other major religious teachers and founders like Jesus Laozi and Confucius. The Christian Saint Josaphat is based on the Buddha. The name comes from the Sanskrit \"Bodhisattva\" via Arabic \"Būdhasaf\" and Georgian \"Iodasaph\". The only story in which St. Josaphat appears \"Barlaam and Josaphat\" is based on the life","About forty concertos are for two instruments and strings and about thirty are for three or more instruments and strings. As well as about 46 operas Vivaldi composed a large body of sacred choral music. Other works include sinfonias about 90 sonatas and chamber music. Some sonatas for flute published","Venice (1534); the former work which has been translated into Latin by Grotius and also by Schulthess was edited by J. C. Orelli Zürich 1824; and his commentaries on the Metaphysica by H. Bonitz Berlin 1847. In 1989 the first part of his \"On Aristotle","have been accustomed to be read in the Catholic Church and are found in the ancient editions of the Latin Vulgate as sacred and canonical.\" The whole of the books in question with the exception of 1 Esdras and 2 Esdras and the Prayer of Manasseh were declared canonical at","still available. IBM cites its use for problem solving system design prototyping engineering and scientific computations expert systems for teaching mathematics and other subjects visualization and database access and was first available for CMS and TSO in 1984. The APL2 Workstation edition (Windows OS/2 AIX Linux and Solaris) followed much","Aldine editions of the classics (Latin and Greek masterpieces plus a few more modern works). The first book that was dated and printed under his name appeared in 1495. The Aldine Press is famous in the history of typography among other things for the introduction of italics. The press was","home in the country house he called Old Orchard which he had built a decade earlier. He was 90 years old. His death was widely reported in the press. \"The New York Times\" called him \"the last of the giants belonging to that wonderful group of intellectuals that included among","\"New Britain\" immense popularity by publishing it in a series of hymnals that were used in urban churches. Excell altered some of Walker's music making it more contemporary and European giving \"New Britain\" some distance from its rural folk-music origins. Excell's version was more palatable for a growing urban middle","appeared in a Greek and Latin edition of fragments collected from the canonic nine lyrical poets by Michael Neander published at Basle in 1556. This was followed by another edition of the nine poets collected by Henricus Stephanus and published in Paris in 1560. Fulvius Ursinus compiled a fuller collection","with Harold. After Ealdred's return to England he took charge of the sees of Hereford and Ramsbury. Ealdred also administered Winchcombe Abbey and Gloucester Abbey. The authors of the \"Handbook of British Chronology Third Edition\" say he was named bishop of Hereford in 1056 holding the see until he resigned","and provided a fixed price service tailored for home users. In May 1988 Quantum and Apple launched AppleLink Personal Edition for Apple II and Macintosh computers. In August 1988 Quantum launched PC Link a service for IBM-compatible PCs developed in a joint venture with the Tandy Corporation. After the company","6th Section and the \"Annales\" relocated to the FMSH building. FMSH set up elaborate international networks to spread the \"Annales\" gospel across Europe and the world. In 2013 it began publication of an English language edition with all the articles translated. The scope of topics covered by the journal is","first remixed in 1987 for release on CD and included narration by Orson Welles which had been recorded in 1975 but arrived too late to be included on the original album. On the 2007 deluxe edition release it is revealed that parts of this tape were used for the 1976","instance it is the only source that mentions the erection of the Antonine Wall in Britain. Antoninus is unique among Roman emperors in that he has no other biographies. Antoninus in many ways was the ideal of the landed gentleman praised not only by ancient Romans but also by later","that it was not generally regarded as unusual. Latin English translations Several of Ambrose's works have recently been published in the bilingual Latin-German Fontes Christiani series (currently edited by Brepols). Several","poems were published by Ernst Dümmler in the \"Monumenta Germaniae Historica\". For","now regarded as slight. It was edited by G. Waitz and published in the \"Monumenta Germaniae Historica: Scriptores\" Band xxvi (Hanover and Berlin 1826\u20131892). In 1004 he also wrote a \"Vita Abbonis abbatis Floriacensis\" the last of a series of lives of the abbots of Fleury all of which except","the sort of ideas that ordinary artists would parlay into a lifetime career great clumps of ideas as casually as a locomotive throws off sparks\". Later that year a heavily edited version of his novel \"The Last Museum\" was published posthumously by Faber & Faber (London) and by Grove Press","tenth edition of his \"Systema Naturae\" under the binomial name \"Falco buteo\". The genus \"Buteo\" was introduced by the French naturalist Bernard Germain de Lacépède in 1799 by tautonymy with the specific name of this species. The word \"buteo\" is Latin for a buzzard. Buzzard subspecies fall into two groups.","text the chapter and verse markers within the books of the Book of Mormon are conventions not part of the original text. Publishers from different factions of the Latter Day Saint movement have published different chapter and verse notation systems. The two most significant are the LDS system introduced in","\"Historia\" come from the northern parts of the Carolingian Empire. This total does not include manuscripts with only a part of the work of which another 100 or so survive. It was printed for the first time between 1474 and 1482 probably at Strasbourg France. Modern historians have studied the","Waterloo Ontario Canada holds an annual math contest named in his honour. Pascalian theology has grown out of his perspective that we are according to Wood \"born into a duplicitous world that shapes us","question to his cousin Timothy Folger a Nantucket whaler captain who told him that merchant ships routinely avoided a strong eastbound mid-ocean current. The mail packet captains sailed dead into it thus fighting an adverse current of . Franklin worked with Folger and other experienced ship captains learning enough to","finding a loophole whereby the IRS couldn't tax him at a 77% rate. Murdo MacKenzie of Bing Crosby Enterprises had seen a demonstration of the German Magnetophon in June 1947\u2014the same device that Jack Mullin had brought back from Radio Frankfurt along with 50 reels of tape at the end","publish their results Ketchum announced on February 13 2013 that their research had been published in the \"DeNovo Journal of Science\". \"The Huffington Post\" discovered that the journal's domain had been registered anonymously only nine days before the announcement. This was the only edition of DeNovo and was listed as","and some (for example the choice of \"movement\") to the sponsoring organisation (e.g. the club). Some zonal organisations of the WBF also publish editions of the Laws. For example the American Contract Bridge League (ACBL) publishes the \"Laws of Duplicate Bridge\" and additional documentation for club and tournament directors. There","him \"morally unfit\" to teach at the college due to his opinions especially those relating to sexual morality detailed in \"Marriage and Morals\" (1929). The protest was started by the mother of a student who would not have been eligible for his graduate-level course in mathematical logic; many intellectuals led","a year from second week of June until end of July. Bali is a major world surfing","remained in print for long periods and to have been reissued in new editions after some decades. These include most notably of all Fowler's Modern English Usage and The Complete Plain Words by Sir Ernest Gowers. Detailed guidance on many aspects of writing British English for publication is included in","Cleveland Heights Ohio. In 2005 they completed the move from their home in Chagrin Falls to their new residence. In or around 2003 Gene Weingarten of \"The Washington Post\" sent Watterson the first edition of the \"Barnaby\" book as an incentive hoping to land an interview. Weingarten passed the book","morning and \"Record-American and Boston Herald Traveler\" in the afternoon. The first editions published under the new combined name were those of June 19 1972. The afternoon edition was soon dropped and the unwieldy name shortened to \"Boston Herald American\" with the Sunday edition called the \"Sunday Herald Advertiser\". The","of Michigan. In 2014 \"Forbes\" magazine ranked Brown seventh (between Caltech and Princeton University) on its list of \"America's Most Entrepreneurial Universities\". The \"Forbes\" analysis looked at the ratio of \"alumni and students who have identified themselves as founders and business owners on LinkedIn\" and the total number of alumni","many other search and reference sites after finding more reliable ones.) -- 17:55 9 Jun 2004 (UTC) There are numerous ways you can help publicize Wikipedia and thereby get more people to edit your work and make this into a real live encyclopedia. Just think--in a few years Wikipedia is","screenwriter Ian Holt because of the Stokers' frustrating history with \"Dracula's\" copyright. In 2009 \"Dracula: The Un-Dead\" was released written by Dacre Stoker and Ian Holt. Both writers \"based [their work] on Bram Stoker's own handwritten notes for characters and plot threads excised from the original edition\" along with their","coins and 750000 clad (Nickel-Copper) coins. The Mint released them on March 27 2014 and the gold and silver editions quickly sold out. The Hall receives money from surcharges included in the sale price: a total of $9.5 million if all the coins are sold. Among baseball fans \"Hall of","as 512 MiB or 512 mebibytes instead of 512 MB or 512 megabytes. Conversely since hard drives have historically been marketed using the SI convention that \"giga\" means a \"500 GB\" hard drive would still be labeled as such. According to these recommendations operating systems and other software would also use binary and","on his behalf during his contentious Senate confirmation hearings. Olson later helped edit \"The Real Anita Hill\" a book by David Brock that savaged Hill and portrayed the harassment claim as a political dirty trick (Brock later recanted his claims and apologized to Hill). The Independent Women's Forum continued on","Records until 2001 when it was then sold for financial reasons. Grand Royal's first independent release was Luscious Jackson's album \"In Search of Manny\" in 1993. Also in 1993 the band contributed the track \"It's the New Style\" (with DJ Hurricane) to the AIDS benefit album \"No Alternative\" produced by","and vary in pronunciation depending on their phonetic environment. Between vowels or voiced consonants they are voiced sounding like modern and respectively. Otherwise they are unvoiced like modern in \"fat\" and in \"sat\". Some letters which are no longer found in modern English such as thorn and eth \u2013 representing","84th on Bravo Television's four-hour program \"100 Scariest Movie Moments\" (2004). It is frequently sampled musically and an array of bands and solo artists have taken their names and inspiration from the film. In August 2012 \"Sight & Sound\" unveiled their latest list of the 250 greatest films of all","(The MIT Press 2008) edited by Paul D. Miller a.k.a. DJ Spooky. He also contributed along with Lewis Shiner to the short story \"Mozart in Mirrorshades\". From April 2009 through May 2009 he was an editor at Cool Tools. Since October 2003 Sterling has blogged at \"Beyond the Beyond\" which","film received three Academy Award nominations in 1974: Best Actress in a Supporting Role (Madeline Kahn) Best Film Editing and Best Music Original Song (the title song). The film also earned two BAFTA awards nominations for Best Newcomer (Cleavon Little) and Best Screenplay. The film won the Writers Guild of","Games to allow its players to participate as the National Hockey League now does during the Winter Olympic Games. Such a break is more difficult for MLB to accommodate because it would force the playoffs deeper into cold weather. Seeking reinstatement for the 2016 Summer Olympics the IBAF proposed an","of Blade Runner\". The book chronicles \"Blade Runner\"s evolution focusing on film-set politics especially the British director's experiences with his first American film crew; of which producer Alan Ladd Jr. has said \"Harrison wouldn't speak to Ridley and Ridley wouldn't speak to Harrison. By the end of the shoot Ford","a futuristic cauldron-shaped building which was also designed by Karl Schwanzer and opened in 1972. The interior has a spiral theme and the roof is a 40-metre diameter BMW logo. BMW's exhibition space in Munich BMW Welt was designed by Coop Himmelb(l)au and opened in 2007. It includes a showroom","publication. Between the body copy and the back cover goes the \"end matter\" which would include any indices sets of tables or diagrams glossaries or lists of cited works (though an edited book with multiple contributing authors usually places cited works at the end of each authored chapter). The \"inside","the Ethiopic Bible varies greatly between different authorities and printings. The table uses the spellings and names present in modern editions of the Bible such as the New American Bible Revised Edition Revised Standard Version and English Standard Version. The spelling and names in both the 1609\u20131610 Douay Old Testament","to his resentment he was sidelined in the affairs of \"The Representative\". The paper survived for only six months partly because the mining bubble burst in late 1825 and partly because according to Blake the paper was \"atrociously edited\" and would have failed regardless. The bursting of the mining bubble","and an armoured car company. The same estimate was repeated in the 1988-89 edition except that the strength figure had been dropped to 5500. The Burundian Civil War lasted from 1993 to 2005 and an estimated 300000 people were killed. The Arusha Peace and Reconciliation Agreement for Burundi ended 12","Montgomery of Alamein\" gives an account of the bickering between Montgomery and his land forces chief French General Jean de Lattre de Tassigny which created splits through the Union headquarters. He was thus pleased to become Eisenhower's deputy in creating the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation's European forces in 1951. He","he was replaced by Joe Girardi in 2008 a season in which the Yankees would miss the playoffs for the first time since 1993. The Yankees won their 27th World Series championship in 2009 defeating the defending champion","Press Journal\" in Mumbai. His cartoons were also published in the Sunday edition of \"The Times of India\". In 1960 he launched the cartoon weekly \"Marmik\" with his brother Srikant. He used it to campaign against the growing numbers and influence of non-Marathi people in Mumbai targeting south Indians. After","list early in June 1997. Debian developers contributed discussion and changes for the rest of the month while Perens edited and the completed document was then announced as Debian project policy. Part of the Debian Social Contract was the Debian Free Software Guidelines a set of 10 guidelines for determining","that circulated Europe. The enrichment extracted from his lectures at Leiden. In 1708 his publication of the Institutes of Medicine was issued in over five languages with approximately ten editions. \"Elementa Chemia\" a world-renowned chemistry textbook was published in 1732. Viewing the body as a mechanism deviated from the path","Avenue Louise lined with high-end fashion stores and boutiques\";\" the Galeries Royales Saint-Hubert; as well as the neighbourhood around Antoine Dansaert Street which has become in recent years a focal point for fashion and design. This main street and its side streets also feature Belgium\u2019s young and most happening artistic","with the antipope. This identification still found in the 1920 typical edition does not appear in the 1962 typical edition. To judge by the Marietti printing of 1952 which omits the numeral \"II\" and the word \"Papae\" the correction had already been made by then. One Catholic writer excuses this","last player to wear the number. Marvin Zeegelaar wore the shirt number In preparation for the 2011\u201312 season in one preseason match while Aras Özbiliz wore the number 14 shirt in one pre-season match ahead of the 2011\u201312 season as well. The club stated that this was in fact not","only one parent who has Arab ethnicity. Venezuela (over 1600000) Colombia (over 1600000 to 3200000) a genetic study found that on average the Colombians have 8.5% genes from Middle East Mexico (over 1100000) Chile (over 800000) and Central America particularly El Salvador and Honduras (between 150000 and 200000). is the","New Atlantis\u201d (1687) a satirical poem in three parts. His new continent of uncertain location perhaps even a floating island either in the sea or the sky serves as background for his exposure of what he described in a second edition as \u201cA True Character of Popery and Jesuitism\u201d. The","Miller spent much of his time experimenting with the theatre producing one-act plays such as \"Fame\" and \"The Reason Why\" and traveling with his wife producing \"In The Country\" and \"Chinese Encounters\" with her. Both his 1972 comedy \"The Creation of the World and Other Business\" and its musical adaptation","the United States to the rest of the English-speaking world and beyond. \"Is There a Santa Claus?\" was the title of an editorial appearing in the September 21 1897 edition of The (New York) Sun. The editorial which included the famous reply \"Yes Virginia there is a Santa Claus\" has","De Sisti and Francesco Rocca. The dawning of a newly successful era in Roma's footballing history was brought in with another Coppa Italia victory they defeated Torino on penalties to win the 1979\u201380 edition. Roma would reach heights in the league which they had not touched since the 1940s by","the word \"qalb\" \"heart\" is written \"qlb\" and the word \"qalab\" \"he turned around\" is also written \"qlb\". To write \"qalab\" without this ambiguity we could indicate that the \"l\" is followed by a short \"a\" by writing a \"fatḥah\" above it. To write \"qalb\" we would instead indicate that","as Alzheimer's disease until 1910 when Kraepelin named it so in the chapter on \"Presenile and Senile Dementia\" in the 8th edition of his \"Handbook of Psychiatry\". By 1911 his description of the disease was being used by European physicians to diagnose patients in the US. American Solomon Carter Fuller","better accommodations. Early in 1886 he was invited to write for one of the most popular papers in St. Petersburg \"Novoye Vremya\" (\"New Times\") owned and edited by the millionaire magnate Alexey Suvorin who paid a rate per line double Leykin's and allowed Chekhov three times the space. Suvorin was","(b Aalen)\" \"Unterkochen\" \"Wasseralfingen\" and Goldshöfe station. The \"Aalen-Erlau\" stop situated in the south is no longer operational. Aalen station is served at two-hour intervals by trains of Intercity line 61 Karlsruhe\u2013Stuttgart\u2013Aalen\u2013Nuremberg. For regional rail travel Aalen is served by various lines of the Interregio-Express Regional-Express and Regionalbahn categories. The","sold at auction according to Sotheby's. The car was driven before by racing legends like Carroll Shelby and Stirling Moss. Aston Martin has diversified into other market areas in the modern day. In September 2016 a 37-foot long Aston Martin speedboat was unveiled called the Aston Martin AM37 powerboat. The","program and explanations were devised by Johannes Stabius the architectural design by the master builder and court-painter Jörg Kölderer and the woodcutting itself by Hieronymous Andreae with Dürer as designer-in-chief. \"The Arch\" was followed by \"The Triumphal Procession\" the program of which was worked out in 1512 by and includes","\"Alopex\" recent genetic evidence now places it in the genus \"Vulpes\" along with the majority of other foxes. It was originally described by Carl Linnaeus in the 10th edition of \"Systema Naturae\" in 1758 as \"Canis lagopus\". The type specimen was recovered from Lapland Sweden. The generic name \"vulpes\" is","it in one go. An overawed Spielberg couldn't bring himself to call him Tony and insisted on addressing him as Sir Anthony throughout the shoot. Hopkins is a gifted mimic adept at turning his native Welsh accent into whatever is required by a character. He duplicated the voice of his","implementation may be complex but will be encapsulated in a simple interface when it is actually used. Code that uses an ADT object will not need to be edited if the implementation of the ADT is changed. Since any changes to the implementation must still comply with the interface and","the string quartet treated with careful elaboration sometimes with the continuo alone. By 1686 he had definitely established the \"Italian overture\" form (second edition of \"Dal male il bene\") and had abandoned the ground bass and the binary form air in two stanzas in favour of the ternary form or","her role in the Clarence Thomas confirmation controversy and wrote that creating a better society had been a motivating force in her life. She contributed the piece \"The Nature of the Beast: Sexual Harassment\" to the 2003 anthology \"\" edited by Robin Morgan. In 2011 Hill published her second book","the Abu Sayyaf as a part of Jemaah Islamiyah. The government also notes that initial funding for ASG in the 1990s came from al-Qaeda through the brother-in-law of Osama bin Laden Mohammed Jamal Khalifa through Islamic charities in the region. Al-Qaeda-affiliated terrorist Ramzi Yousef operated in the Philippines in the","or region of the diocese some time during Great Lent and give Anointing for the faithful together with the local clergy. The 1552 and later editions of the Book of Common Prayer omitted the form of anointing given in the original (1549) version in its Order for the Visitation of","170 BC). The next distinct phase of the language is called Old Judaean into the second century AD. Old Judean literature can be found in various inscriptions and personal letters preserved quotations in the Talmud and receipts from Qumran. Josephus' first non-extant edition of his \"The Jewish War\" was written","of thirty-two years) devoting a large amount of his time to developing the rituals of the order. Notably he published a book called \"Morals and Dogma of the Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite of Freemasonry\" in 1871 of which there were several subsequent editions. In America Pike is still considered","Herbert Lust\" (Tudor 1970) comments on their impact and gives details of the number of copies of each print. Some of his most important images were in editions of only 30 and many were described as rare in 1970. In his later years Giacometti's works were shown in a number","form because it was most likely edited by students and later lecturers. The logical works of Aristotle were compiled into six books in about the early 1st century CE: The order of the books (or the teachings from which they are composed) is not certain but this list was derived","excellent bit of satire\u2014it would illustrate perfectly.\" Nothing came of this and a trial issue produced by Secker & Warburg in 1956 illustrated by John Driver was abandoned but the Folio Society published an edition in 1984 illustrated by Quentin Blake and an edition illustrated by the cartoonist Ralph Steadman","and signed anniversary edition was also published in 1996 with an embossed gold jacket. \"Animalia\" is an alliterative alphabet book and contains twenty-six illustrations one for each letter of the alphabet. Each illustration features an animal from the animal kingdom (A is for alligator B is for butterfly etc.) along","mixture of pitch and bitumen was used in the Republic of Ragusa (now Dubrovnik Croatia) for tarring of ships. An 1838 edition of \"Mechanics Magazine\" cites an early use of asphalt in France. A pamphlet dated 1621 by \"a certain Monsieur d'Eyrinys states that he had discovered the existence (of","life it marked the end of Rand's career as a novelist and the beginning of her role as a popular philosopher. In 1958 Nathaniel Branden established Nathaniel Branden Lectures later incorporated as the Nathaniel Branden Institute (NBI) to promote Rand's philosophy. Collective members gave lectures for NBI and wrote articles","grief of a baby elephant whose mother had been killed by a hunter. He was very attached to his succession of pet poodles. Schopenhauer criticized Spinoza's belief that animals are to be used as a mere means for the satisfaction of humans. In the third expanded edition of \"The World","for RCA Victor one of the few commercial recordings Toscanini made of music by an American composer. The Seattle Symphony also recorded a version in 1990 of Gershwin's original score before he made numerous edits resulting in the score as we hear it today. Harry James released a version of","son of the writer and schoolmaster Leonard Huxley who edited \"Cornhill Magazine\" and his first wife Julia Arnold who founded Prior's Field School. Julia was the niece of poet and critic Matthew Arnold and the sister of Mrs. Humphrey Ward. Aldous was the grandson of Thomas Henry Huxley the zoologist","the letter was TAPE and TAPE respectively. Code 127 is officially named \"delete\" but the Teletype label was \"rubout\". Since the original standard did not give detailed interpretation for most control codes interpretations of this code varied. The original Teletype meaning and the intent of the standard was to make","examiner stating afterward that his playing was \"remarkable and revealing of 'great insight'.\" What struck the examiner writes Botstein was that Einstein \"displayed a deep love of the music a quality that was and remains in short supply. Music possessed an unusual meaning for this student.\" Music took on a","Sitka Summer Music Festival. The most prominent orchestra in Alaska is the Anchorage Symphony Orchestra though the Fairbanks Symphony Orchestra and Juneau Symphony are also notable. The Anchorage Opera is currently the state's only professional opera company though there are several volunteer and semi-professional organizations in the state as well.","edition of the church periodical \"The Congregationalist\" in 1895. At that time the poem was titled \"America\" for publication. Ward had originally written the music \"Materna\" for the hymn \"O Mother dear Jerusalem\" in 1882 though it was not first published until 1892. Ward's music combined with the Bates poem","reflection of the extreme drive to fiscal stability by ultra-conservatives. In the 1998 edition of \"A Handmaid's Tale\" by Margaret Atwood there is a quote from \"A Modest Proposal\" before the introduction. A Modest Video Game Proposal is the title of an open letter sent by activist/former attorney Jack Thompson","anarchist traditions which has led to many definitional concerns in anarchist theory. Intersecting and overlapping between various schools of thought certain topics of interest and internal disputes have proven perennial within anarchist theory. An important current within anarchism is free love. Free love advocates sometimes traced their roots back to","Series victories in Key Biscayne Rome and Madrid helped him finish 2002 as the oldest year-end world no. 2 at 32 years and 8 months. In 2003 Agassi won the eighth (and final) Grand Slam title of his career at the Australian Open where he beat Rainer Schüttler in straight","encompasses a variety of techniques the unifying factor being that the animation is created digitally on a computer. 2D animation techniques tend to focus on image manipulation while 3D techniques usually build virtual worlds in which characters and objects move and interact. 3D animation can create images that seem real","support it. In early 1776 Thomas Paine argued in the closing pages of the first edition of \"Common Sense\" that the \u201ccustom of nations\u201d demanded a formal declaration of American independence if any European power were to mediate a peace between the Americans and Great Britain. The monarchies of France","originally intended to be broadcast to the Germans but the British government deemed it too traumatic to be shown to a shocked post-war population. Instead it was transferred in 1952 from the British War Office film vaults to London's Imperial War Museum and remained unreleased until 1985 when an edited","as a milestone in human maturation. The 21st chapter was omitted from the editions published in the United States prior to 1986. In the introduction to the updated American text (these newer editions include the missing 21st chapter) Burgess explains that when he first brought the book to an American","was led by Ive who would later design the iPod and the iPhone. The iMac featured modern technology and a unique design and sold almost 800000 units in its first five months. During this period Apple completed numerous acquisitions to create a portfolio of digital production software for both professionals","\"The Hound of the Baskervilles\" editor Peter Ruber wrote: \"...Derleth produced more than a few Solar Pons stories almost as good as Sir Arthur's and many that had better plot construction.\" Although these stories were a form of diversion for Derleth Ruber who edited \"The Original Text Solar Pons Omnibus","geographical definition is used for example in the latest edition of \"Merriam-Webster's Geographical Dictionary\" as well as the archeological community. Under this definition Anatolia is bounded to the east by the Armenian Highlands and the Euphrates before that river bends to the southeast to enter Mesopotamia. To the southeast it","copies was destroyed immediately after his death being regarded as scandalous and blasphemous. The first surviving edition (bilingual Swedish\u2013Esperanto) was published in Sweden in 2003. The play has been translated into Slovenian via the Esperanto version and into French. In 2010 it was published in Russia in another bilingual (Russian\u2013Esperanto)","positive reactions from leading figures in the sciences and humanities in the 1940s and 1950s. As reported in the third edition of \"Science and Sanity\" in World War II the US Army used Korzybski's system to treat battle fatigue in Europe under the supervision of Dr. Douglas M. Kelley who","the hills above Hollywood California providing training in six filmmaking disciplines: cinematography directing editing producing production design and screenwriting. Mirroring a professional production environment Fellows collaborate to make more films than any other graduate level program. Admission to AFI Conservatory is highly selective with a maximum of 140 graduates per","editing text Newton had a very intuitive system for handwritten editing such as scratching out words to be deleted circling text to be selected or using written carets to mark inserts. Later releases of the Newton operating system retained the original recognizer for compatibility but added a hand-printed-text-only (not cursive)","the surrealist Boris Vian (\"The World of Null-A\" as \"Le Monde des Å\" in 1958) and van Vogt's works were \"viewed as great literature of the surrealist school\". In addition \"Slan\" was published in French translated by Jean Rosenthal under the title \"À la poursuite des Slans\" as part of","decided on a final risky visit to Berlin to see Hitler one more time. Speer stated at Nuremberg \"I felt that it was my duty not to run away like a coward but to stand up to him again.\" Speer visited the \"Führerbunker\" on April 22. Hitler seemed calm and somewhat","most popular software titles of 1978-80 by \"Softalk\" magazine. Others include Acornsoft's \"Meteors\" \"Moons of Jupiter\" for the Commodore VIC-20 and \"MineStorm\" for the Vectrex. Released in 1981 \"Asteroids Deluxe\" is the first sequel to \"Asteroids\". Dave Shepperd edited the code and made enhancements to the game without Logg's involvement.","ISBN number is needed for each edition of the book. There are a variety of e-book formats and tools that can be used to create them. Because it is possible to create e-books with no up-front or per-book costs this is a popular option for self-publishers. E-book publishing platforms include","ideas have been somewhat lost as the art market has learned to sell limited edition DVDs of video works invitations to exclusive performance art pieces and the objects left over from conceptual pieces. Many of these performances create works that are only understood by the elite who have been educated","make it easier for Kurosawa to successfully complete a film and therefore find his way back into the business. The first project proposed and worked on was a period film to be called \"Dora-Heita\" but when this was deemed too expensive attention shifted to \"Dodesukaden\" an adaptation of yet another","well known especially his \"The Standard Elocutionist\" (1860) which appeared in Edinburgh in 1868. \"The Standard Elocutionist\" appeared in 168 British editions and sold over a quarter of a million copies in the United States alone. In this treatise his father explains his methods of how to instruct deaf-mutes (as","became the new face for Berlei's shock absorber sports bras and appeared in the \"only the ball should bounce\" billboard campaign. Following that she was cast by the Farrelly brothers for a minor role in the 2000 film \"Me Myself & Irene\" starring Jim Carrey and Renée Zellweger. Photographs of","be given a name (e.g. 433 Eros). The formal naming convention uses parentheses around the number (e.g. (433) Eros) but dropping the parentheses is quite common. Informally it is common to drop the number altogether or to drop it after the first mention when a name is repeated in running","his 1971 album \"Hunky Dory\". Lou Reed wrote the song \"Andy's Chest\" about Valerie Solanas the woman who shot Warhol in 1968. He recorded it with the Velvet Underground and this version was released on the \"VU\" album in 1985. Bowie would later play Warhol in the 1996 movie \"Basquiat\".","graduating with a B.A. in Mathematics in 1903. He edited and wrote for \"Granta\" a student magazine. He collaborated with his brother Kenneth and their articles appeared over the initials AKM. Milne's work came to the attention of the leading British humour magazine \"Punch\" where Milne was to become a","2009. Dubbed animation began airing in the United States in 2000 on networks like The WB and Cartoon Network's Adult Swim. In 2005 this resulted in five of the top ten anime titles having previously aired on Cartoon Network. As a part of localization some editing of cultural references may","Bibles as \"God\"). This goes back to early translation work by Francis Xavier in the 16th century. The first dictionary of Dutch-Malay by Albert Cornelius Ruyl Justus Heurnius and Caspar Wiltens in 1650 (revised edition from 1623 edition and 1631 Latin-edition) recorded \"Allah\" as the translation of the Dutch word","of the ' spelling in all the patents he filed between 1886 and 1903. It was subsequently suggested this was a typo rather than intended. By 1890 both spellings had been common in the U.S. overall the ' spelling being slightly more common; by 1895 the situation had reversed; by","people with wrong intentions. Concerns have emerged regarding Do-it-yourself biology research organizations due to their associated risk that a rogue amateur DIY researcher could attempt to develop dangerous bioweapons using genome editing technology. In 2002 when CNN went through Al-Qaeda's (AQ's) experiments with crude poisons they found out that the","to treat it as made up of at least two layers a first edition from the time of Josiah (late 7th century BCE) promoting Josiah's religious reforms and the need for repentance and (2) a second and final edition from the mid 6th century BCE. Further levels of editing have","of it reached Jerusalem. It is generally accepted that Daniel originated as a collection of Aramaic court tales later expanded by the Hebrew revelations. The court tales may have originally circulated independently but the edited collection was probably composed in the third or early second century BC. When the full","Premier League team Chittagong Kings as their ambassador. On the occasion of bicentennial anniversary of Lord's ground he played for the team of MCC under the leadership of Sachin Tendulkar against the Rest of World XI in a 50 over game. After negotiations between Surrey and Lara for the 2010","city by the Globalization and World Cities Study Group and Network. Barcelona has many venues for live music and theatre including the world-renowned Gran Teatre del Liceu opera house the Teatre Nacional de Catalunya the Teatre Lliure and the Palau de la Música Catalana concert hall. Barcelona also is home","Crickets sound. The finished tracks became the first posthumous Holly single \"Peggy Sue Got Married\"/\"Crying Waiting Hoping\". The new release was successful enough to warrant an album drawing upon the other Holly demos using the same studio personnel in January 1960. The demand for Holly records was so great and","Pascha). This interpretation which has found expression among both Catholic and Protestant theologians considers the liturgical worship particularly the Easter rites of early Christianity as background and context for understanding the Book of Revelation's structure and significance. This perspective is explained in \"The Paschal Liturgy and the Apocalypse\" (new edition","(\"Big Brother 9\"); housemates having to earn housemate status (\"Big Brother 10\"); a mole entering the house with an impossible task (\"Big Brother 11\"); Pamela Anderson entering as a guest for 5 days (Big Brother 12); first-night nominations and a public vote for a wildcard to become a housemate (Big","of Kings. In 1943 the German biblical scholar Martin Noth suggested that this history was composed by a single author/editor living in the time of the Exile (6th century BCE). A major modification to Noth's theory was made in 1973 by the American scholar Frank M. Cross to the effect","(i.e. editing) of a Yahwistic source made some time in the early Persian period (5th century BCE). The name of the book comes from the two censuses taken of the Israelites. Numbers begins at Mount Sinai where the Israelites have received their laws and covenant from God and God has","edited for several centuries before being accepted as scriptural in the early Christian era. The Book of Ezra consists of ten chapters: chapters 1\u20136 covering the period from the Cyrus the Great to the dedication of the Second Temple are told in the third person; chapters 7\u201310 dealing with the","and other material. The first edition of the combined Ezra\u2013Nehemiah may date from the early 4th century BC; further editing continued","Hagy and others in the late 1970s it has been a tradition at Orioles games for fans to yell out the \"Oh\" in the line \"Oh say does that Star-Spangled Banner yet wave\" in \"The Star-Spangled Banner\". \"The Star-Spangled Banner\" has special meaning to Baltimore historically as it was written","book \"In those days there was no king in Israel\" ( and ) implies a date in the monarchy for the redaction (editing) of Judges. Twice this statement is accompanied with the statement that \"every man did that which was right in his own eyes\" implying that the redactor is","due to musical differences with \"a couple of the band members\". He was replaced by former drummer Vinny Appice effectively reuniting the line-up that had featured on the \"Mob Rules\" (1981) and \"Dehumanizer\" (1992) albums. Heaven & Hell toured the US with openers Megadeth and Machine Head and recorded a","der Vereenigden Nederlanden\" (\"Mirror of the State of the United Netherlands\" 1706) which also ran to many editions and it was revived in the atmosphere of Romantic nationalism in the late eighteenth-century reforms that saw a short-lived Batavian Republic and in the colony of the Dutch East Indies a capital","is thrown in jail as the result and at one point is thrown into a pit to die. The Deuteronomists were a school or movement who edited the books of Joshua Judges Samuel and Kings into a more or less unified history of Israel (the so-called Deuteronomistic History) during the","an interview \"I do think a new series of Blackadder is on the cards. I have spoken to virtually all the cast about this now. The only problem is Hugh [Laurie]'s fee. He's a huge star now.\" All series and many of the specials are available on DVD and video.","issued by the Superintendent which means that a mechanism to allow BASE in National Parks was always in place. The 2001 National Park Service Management Policies state that BASE \"is not an appropriate public use activity within national park areas ...\" (2001 Management Policy 8.2.2.7.) However Policy 8.2.2.7 in the","with further sections added during the Babylonian exile (6th century BC) and the work was substantially complete by about 550 BC. Further editing was apparently done even after then: for example the silver quarter-shekel which Saul's servant offers to Samuel in 1 Samuel 9 almost certainly fixes the date of","founded to uniform the local differing rules and to organise a match calendar. Meanwhile they also organise championships and tournaments. There is a World Indoor Bowls Championships and also World Bowls Events. Bowls is one of the \"core sports\" that must be included","Septuagint's reading Anani's likely date of birth is a century later. Chronicles appears to be largely the work of a single individual with some later additions and editing. The writer was probably male probably a Levite (temple priest) and probably from Jerusalem. He was well read a skilled editor and","system is used in Catholic Bible translations based primarily on the Vulgate such as the Douay\u2013Rheims Bible and the Knox Bible. In contrast the 1979 revision of the Vulgate the Nova Vulgata incorporates the additions to Esther directly into the narrative itself as do most modern Catholic English translations based","Masonic temple Bush compared the RODS system to a modern \"DEW\" line (referring to the Cold War ballistic missile early warning system). The principles and practices of biosurveillance a new interdisciplinary science were defined and described in the \"Handbook of Biosurveillance\" edited by Michael Wagner Andrew Moore and Ron Aryel","frequencies until late 1987. The BBC had been allocated three FM frequency ranges in 1955 for the then Light Programme (now BBC Radio 2) Third Programme (now BBC Radio 3) and Home Service (now BBC Radio 4) stations. Thus when Radio 1 was launched there was no FM frequency range","published at Rome in 1487. The Greek editio princeps was edited by Francesco Robortello and published at Venice in 1552. In spite of its academic nature the copious details to be found in the treatise rendered it of the highest value to the army organisers of the 16th century who","model in the March 1904 edition of the \"Philosophical Magazine\" the leading British science journal of the day. In Thomson's view: ... the atoms of the elements consist of a number of negatively electrified corpuscles enclosed in a sphere of uniform positive electrification ... With this model Thomson abandoned his","public administration technology parks have been established throughout the Community such as the Technological Park of Andalucia (\"Parque Tecnológico de Andalucía\") in Campanillas on the outskirts of Málaga and Cartuja 93 in Seville. Some of these parks specialize in specific sector such as Aerópolis in aerospace or Geolit in food","Turin. Some of these (Oxford No. 2221 and Paris Bibl. Nat.) are mere fragments. The printed edition (Presburg 1838) prepared by M. L. Bislichis contains: (1) Preface; (2) a treatise of eighteen chapters on the incorporeality of God; (3) correspondence; (4) a treatise called \"Sefer ha-Yarḥi\" included also in letter","for it is not pleasant to have the Devil coming for the conclusion of a sheet fore it is written.\" When Wollstonecraft revised the \"Rights of Woman\" for the second edition she took the opportunity not only to fix small spelling and grammar mistakes but also to bolster the feminist","the Prophet Jonah\" (1600) which was reprinted in 1845. His \"Geography or a Brief Description of the Whole World\" (1599) passed through numerous editions. The newest edition edited by the current Master of the Abbot's Hospital was published by Goldenford Publishers Ltd on 20 June 2011 to commemorate the 400th","light would pass across the lips of the statue of Serapis thus symbolising the Sun saluting the god. Clive Ruggles and Michel Cotte recently edited a book on heritage sites of astronomy and archaeoastronomy that provides a list of the main sites around the world. Newgrange is a passage tomb","3 page 43c in Bomberg's Venice edition; \"halachah\" 1 in current editions). He encouraged the study of Greek by Jews. He learned Greek himself in order to become useful to his people then under the Roman \"proconsuls\" that language having become to a considerable extent the rival of the Hebrew","For his contemporaries however Alexander's fame was his inexhaustible interest in disputation. His disputations prior to his becoming a Franciscan cover over 1600 pages in their modern edition. His disputed questions after 1236 remain unpublished. Alexander was also one of the first scholastics to participate in the \"Quodlibetal\" a university","Space.\" AutoCAD is licensed for free to students educators and educational institutions with a 36-month renewable license available. The student version of AutoCAD is functionally identical to the full commercial version with one exception: DWG files created or edited by a student version have an internal bit-flag set (the \"educational","the Tribunal of Correctors a substitute-corrector alone remains. Bouix (\"Curia Romana\" edit. 1859) chronicled the suppression of the lower presidency and put the number of Abbreviators at that date at eleven. Later the College consisted of seventeen prelates six substitutes and one sub-substitute all of whom except the prelates were","engagements Beckett was on the staff of \"Punch\" from 1874 to 1902 edited the \"Sunday Times\" 1891-1895 and the \"Naval and Military Magazine\" in 1896. He gave an account of his father and his own reminiscences in \"The à Becketts of Punch\" (1903). A childhood friend (and distant relative) of","by a pair of live albums in 1981 (\"In Concert\" and \"In Concert Volume Two\") both backed by an augmented edition of the DeGarmo & Key band. It was during these early shows that Grant also established one of her concert trademarks: performing barefoot. To date Grant continues to take","of the journal was edited by Ormond Stone (University of Virginia). It moved to Harvard in 1899 before reaching its current home in Princeton in 1911. An important period for the journal was 1928\u20131958 with Solomon Lefschetz as editor. During this time it became an increasingly well-known and respected journal.","nss_ldap and pam_ldap provided by PADL.com support these attributes directly. The default schema for group membership complies with RFC 2307bis (proposed). Windows Server 2003 R2 includes a Microsoft Management Console snap-in that creates and edits the attributes. An alternate option is to use another directory service as non-Windows clients authenticate","German which he later expanded and translated into English. Originally published in a two-volume edition this work studies the books of the Hebrew prophets. It covers their lives and the historical context that their missions were set in summarizes their work and discusses their psychological state. In it Heschel puts","Folio Society edition released in 2015. It was also translated into a number of other languages. An omnibus edition of all of Le Guin's Earthsea works is planned to be released on the 50th anniversary of the publication of \"A Wizard of Earthsea\" in 2018. Le Guin originally intended for","Uruz project was started in 2013 by the True Nature Foundation an organization for ecological restoration and rewilding. It differs from the other projects in that it is planning to make use of genome editing. Its preliminary plans called for the use of Sayaguesa Maremmana primitive or Hungarian Grey (Steppe)","reinstated. Foreshadowing André's heel turn Heenan expressed his approval of the reinstatement but did not explain why. André agreed to turn heel in early 1987 to be the counter to the biggest \"babyface\" in professional wrestling at that time Hulk Hogan. On an edition of \"Piper's Pit\" in 1987 Hogan","release of new ATC edition","a description of 234 Ethiopian manuscripts collected by Antoine. He also compiled various vocabularies including a \"Dictionnaire de la langue amariñña\" (Paris 1881) and prepared an edition of the \"Shepherd of Hermas\" with the Latin version in 1860. He published numerous papers dealing with the geography of Ethiopia Ethiopian coins","a revised second edition in 1927. Russell and Whitehead thought they could derive all mathematical truth using axioms and inference rules of formal logic in principle opening up the process to automatisation. In 1920 Thoralf Skolem simplified a previous result by Leopold Löwenheim leading to the Löwenheim\u2013Skolem theorem and in","after its release. A peripheral that allowed 4 controllers to be plugged into the console was also released. Dubbed the \"Team Tap\" it was released independently and as a bundle with \"White Men Can't Jump\". However the Team Tap was only compatible with \"White Men Can't Jump\" and \"NBA Jam","was first revealed in 1807 by his acquaintance Thomas Thomson in the third edition of Thomson's textbook \"A System of Chemistry\". Finally Dalton published a full account in his own textbook \"A New System of Chemical Philosophy\" 1808 and 1810. Dalton estimated the atomic weights according to the mass ratios","the \"conservation of moments\". In 1852 Léon Foucault used a gyroscope in an experiment to display the Earth's rotation. William J. M. Rankine's 1858 \"Manual of Applied Mechanics\" defined angular momentum in the modern sense for the first time: In an 1872 edition of the same book Rankine stated that","informal agency practice. It is important to note though that agencies can only act within their congressionally delegated authority and must comply with the requirements of the APA. The American Bar Association's official journal concerning administrative law is the \"Administrative Law Review\" a quarterly publication that is managed and edited","by means of a gruelling interrogation and threats they could extract enough evidence from her to put me on trial. I owe my life and the fact that they did not touch me in those years to her heroism and endurance.\" Pasternak's translation of the of \"Faust\" led him to","be known as a \"male vocal group\". Being categorized among boy bands was also the main reason The Moffatts split up. Boy bands have been accused by the music press of emphasizing the appearance and marketing of the group above the quality of music deliberately trying to appeal to a","and began work on \"The Evil Dead\". Campbell starred and worked behind the camera receiving a \"co-executive producer\" credit. Raimi wrote directed and edited while fellow Michigander Rob Tapert was producer. Following an endorsement by horror writer Stephen King the film slowly began to receive distribution. Four years following its","Stanley Corkin complains that Griffith \"masks his idea of fact in the rhetoric of high art and free expression\" and creates film which \"erodes the very ideal\" of \"liberty\" which he asserts. \"Birth of a Nation\" even more than other films in the public domain has been poorly represented in","the century which followed its writing was included in the patriotic anthology of verse \"The Spirit of Man\" edited by the Poet Laureate of the United Kingdom Robert Bridges and published in 1916 at a time when morale had begun to decline because of the high number of casualties in","They have appeared in over 175 editions and are used at universities around the world. Tanenbaum has had a number of Ph.D. students who themselves have gone on to become widely known computer science researchers. These include: In the early 1990s the Dutch government began setting up a number of","to her diaries \"Vol.1 1931\u20131934\" Nin shared a bohemian lifestyle with Henry Miller during her time in Paris. Her husband Guiler is not mentioned anywhere in the published edition of the 1930s parts of her diary (Vol. 1\u20132) although the opening of Vol. 1 makes it clear that she is","killing frenzy. According to the \"Encyclopædia Britannica\" Eleventh Edition some notable cases have occurred among the Rajputs. In 1634 the eldest son of the raja of Jodhpur ran amok at the court of Shah Jahan failing in his attack on the emperor but killing five of his officials. During the","rites of Baptism which they consider to be the sacrament of initiation into the Church. An interrogative form of the Apostles' Creed is used in the Rite of Baptism (for both children and adults). The minister of baptism asks the following questions (ICEL 1974): To each question the catechumen or","Christian monastic movement. The Gospel of St. John and particularly the first chapter demonstrates the Divinity of Jesus. This Gospel in itself is the greatest support of Athanasius' stand. The Gospel of St. John's first chapter began to be said at the end of Mass we believe as a result","15 September 1879. It was first published in Copenhagen on 4 December 1879 in an edition of 8000 copies that sold out within a month; a second edition of 3000 copies followed on 4 January 1880 and a third edition of 2500 was issued on 8 March. \"A Doll's House\"","itself in 2009 saw the launch of","particle physics \"shmoo\" refers to a high energy survey instrument as utilized at the Los Alamos National Laboratory to capture subatomic cosmic ray particles emitted from the Cygnus X-3 constellation. Capp also had a knack for popularizing certain uncommon terms such as druthers schmooze and nogoodnik neatnik etc. In his","work he played one of his Axcess guitars using the piezo pick-ups; no acoustic guitars were used at all in the Clockwork Angels show. For the 2015 R40 Tour Lifeson used his signature acoustic guitar model by Paul Reed Smith. The guitar is currently available for private stock order. Gibson","benefited from the sales","the Babylonian (Bavli) Talmud in an English-Hebrew edition. The first volume of a new English-Hebrew edition the Koren Talmud Bavli was released in May 2012 with thirteen tractates in print by July 2014. New volumes are being released following the Daf Yomi cycle. Born in Jerusalem in 1937 to secular","Sagan's book \"The Cosmic Connection\" and the epilogue of \"Billions and Billions\". She edited and wrote the introduction to a book of Sagan's 1985 Gifford lectures \"The Varieties of Scientific Experience\". As creative director of NASA's Voyager Interstellar Message Project Druyan worked with a team to design a complex message","around the world it has a strong focus on local artists. Triple J was formerly known as \"Double Jay\" when it launched in Sydney on 19 January 1975. ABC Radio broadcasts regular news bulletins across most of its radio stations. Many of these bulletins are heralded by the \"Majestic Fanfare\"","Theatre: A Celebration\" a well-reviewed history of the theatre with personal anecdotes and humor. A book of Lerner's lyrics entitled \"A Hymn To Him\" edited by British writer Benny Green was published in 1987. At the time of Lerner's death he had been working with Gerard Kenny and Kristi Kane","most of its head and neck it was described in 1863 by Richard Owen as \"Archaeopteryx macrura\" allowing for the possibility it did not belong to the same species as the feather. In the subsequent fourth edition of his \"On the Origin of Species\" Charles Darwin described how some authors","valued the club's brand and intangible assets at $703m in 2015 and consider Arsenal an AAA global brand. Business magazine Forbes valued Arsenal as a whole at $2.0 billion (£1.4 billion) in 2016 ranked second in English football. Research by the Henley Business School also ranked Arsenal second in English football modelling","to me desirable to preserve. The choice of subject in that work is a mistake it was too little consonant with the character tastes and ideas of the gentle retiring inexperienced writer.\" Subsequent critics paid less attention to Anne's work and those such as Lane dismissed her as a \"a","English translation as \"The Twelve Tasks of Asterix\" by Hodder & Stoughton in 1978. In 1996 a tribute album in honour of Albert Uderzo was released titled \"Uderzo Croqué par ses Amis\" a volume containing 21 short stories with Uderzo in Ancient Gaul. this volume was published by Soleil Productions","million sold in each country and sales in the high hundreds of thousands in other European nations. The machine was less popular in North America where an estimated 700000 were sold. In particular in the U.S. the Amiga did not achieve any success outside of Commodore's traditional enthusiast market except","Within these in an informal diary-like manner Grothendieck explained and developed his ideas on the relationship between algebraic homotopy theory and algebraic geometry and prospects for a noncommutative theory of stacks. The manuscript which is being edited for publication by G. Maltsiniotis later led to another of his monumental works","could easily walk around and clearly see the surrounding terrain and reading a book would be quite possible without any artificial light. Over the following half period the secondary star would be in the sky for a progressively decreasing part of the night (and an increasing part of the day)","his chin. The same explosion also fatally wounds Leer. Corporal Himmelstoss (spelled Himmelstoß in some editions) was a postman before enlisting in the war. He is a power-hungry corporal with special contempt for Paul and his friends taking sadistic pleasure in punishing the minor infractions of his trainees during their","book editions the novel was also included on a CD-ROM sold by ClariNet Communications along with the other nominees for the 1993 Hugo awards. The CD-ROM edition included numerous annotations by Vinge on his thoughts and intentions about different parts of the book and was later released as a standalone","red brick and ribbon-strip windows broken by copper and bronze elements \u2013 all carried through with a literal-mindedness that borders on","publicity. Eventually he gained formal adoption and inclusion of the Twelve Traditions in all future editions of the Big Book. At the 1955 conference in St. Louis Missouri Wilson relinquished stewardship of AA to the General Service Conference as AA grew to millions of members internationally. AA says it is","an image editing software Acrobat Reader the Portable Document Format (PDF) and Adobe Creative Suite as well as its successor Adobe Creative Cloud. Adobe was founded in December 1982 by John Warnock and Charles Geschke who established the company after leaving Xerox PARC in order to develop and sell the","C. M. Fourie and BB Keet. This monumental work established Afrikaans as \"\" that is \"a pure and proper language\" for religious purposes especially amongst the deeply Calvinist Afrikaans religious community that previously had been sceptical of a Bible translation that varied from the Dutch version that they were used","including system software business applications and rich frameworks for education. Bulgarian Pravetz Series 8 was Apple II clone with Cyrillic support. Basis a German company created the Basis 108 a clone for the Apple II that included both a 6502 processor and the Zilog Z80 allowing it to run the","poem \"Self Evident\" about the experience. The poem was featured in the book \"It's a Free Country: Personal Freedom in America After September 11\" edited by Danny Goldberg Victoria Goldberg and Robert Greenwald. The poem's title also became the name of DiFranco's first book of poetry released exclusively in Italy","one modern edition of \"De Amore\" quotes critic Robert Bossuat as describing \"De Amore\" as \"one of those capital works which reflect the thought of a great epoch which explains the secret of a civilization\". It may be viewed as didactic mocking or merely descriptive; in any event it preserves","published in dozens of editions from 1531 onward. This collection of short Latin verse texts and accompanying woodcuts created an entire European genre the emblem book which attained enormous popularity in continental Europe and Great Britain.","the UK Ireland and Spain all seasons are available in a complete box set. 20th Century Fox released the complete first season on DVD in Region 1 on October 6 2009. They also released a special complete series edition on the same day. Season 1 does not contain any special","and animation. One paint program \"Spectrum 512\" uses the ST's rapid palette switching ability to expand the maximum number of colors to be displayed on-screen at once to 512 (up to 46 in each scan line the STE never had a Spectrum4096 but other more minor applications filled this speciality","explained by Sir Henry Yule the editor of an English edition of Marco Polo\u2019s \"Travels\": \u201cSome geographers of the 16th century following the old editions which carried the travellers south-east of Java to the land of \u201cBoeach\u201d (or Locac) introduced in their maps a continent in that situation\u201d. Gerard Mercator","the use of \"which\" in restrictive clauses as a \"mistake\". According to the 2015 edition of \"Fowler's Dictionary of Modern English Usage\" \"In AmE \"which\" is \"not generally used in restrictive clauses and that fact is then interpreted as the absolute rule that only \"that\" may introduce a restrictive clause\"","that of another. Instead Ayer concludes that ethical concepts are \"mere pseudo-concepts\": Between 1945 and 1947 together with Russell and George Orwell he contributed a series of articles to \"Polemic\" a short-lived British \"Magazine of Philosophy Psychology and Aesthetics\" edited by the ex-Communist Humphrey Slater. Ayer was closely associated with","sculptors decorators engravers writers and musicians. He made a series of woodcut illustrations for an edition of Vergil's \"Eclogues\" published by Harry Graf Kessler in 1926\u201327. He also illustrated \"Daphnis and Chloe\" by Longus (1937) and \"Chansons pour elle\" by Paul Verlaine (1939). He died in Banyuls at the age","Augustinian connection: \"as for the constitution of Saussurian semiotic theory the importance of the Augustinian thought contribution (correlated to the Stoic one) has also been recognized. Saussure did not do anything but reform an ancient theory in Europe according to the modern conceptual exigencies.\" In his autobiographical book \"Milestones\" Pope","of \"The Thinker\" was placed next to his tomb in Meudon; it was Rodin's wish that the figure served as his headstone and epitaph. In 1923 Marcell Tirel Rodin's secretary published a book alleging that Rodin's death was largely due to cold and the fact that he had no heat","It wasn't until 1533 that the last five books of Ammianus' history were put into print by Silvanus Otmar and edited by Mariangelus Accursius. The first modern edition was produced by C.U. Clark (Berlin 1910\u20131913). The first English translations were by Philemon Holland in 1609 and later by C.D. Yonge","character in 1798. An edition of the entire work with English notes and an index by HT Colebrooke appeared at Serampore in 1808. The Sanskrit text was printed at Calcutta in 1831. A French translation by ALA Loiseleur-Deslongchamps was published at Paris in 1839. B. L. Rice compiled the text","Philosophical Subjects\" a history of astronomy down to Smith's own era plus some thoughts on ancient physics and metaphysics probably contain parts of what would have been the latter treatise. \"Lectures on Jurisprudence\" were notes taken from Smith's early lectures plus an early draft of \"The Wealth of Nations\" published","Joseph Priestley's research. In addition she assisted him in the laboratory and created many sketches and carved engravings of the laboratory instruments used by Lavoisier and his colleagues for their scientific works. Madame Lavoisier edited and published Antoine's memoirs (whether any English translations of those memoirs have survived is unknown","way of setting a ship on fire at short distances. In December 2010 \"MythBusters\" again looked at the heat ray story in a special edition entitled \"President's Challenge\". Several experiments were carried out including a large scale test with 500 schoolchildren aiming mirrors at a of a Roman sailing ship","I scarcely dared allow any of my close acquaintances to read anything I had written because I feared this would become known.\" In 1960 aged 42 he approached Aleksandr Tvardovsky a poet and the chief editor of the \"Novyi Mir\" magazine with the manuscript of \"One Day in the Life","interrogation of Amjad Khwaja an operative of Harkat-ul-Jihad al-Islami who had been arrested in India. In January 2010 US Defense secretary Robert Gates while on a visit to Pakistan stated that al-Qaeda was seeking to destabilize the region and planning to provoke a nuclear war between India and Pakistan. Timothy","well as digital and social media platforms. The campaign also produced and released the short educational film 1001 Inventions and the World of Ibn Al-Haytham In honour of Alhazen the Aga Khan University (Pakistan) named its Ophthalmology endowed chair as \"The Ibn-e-Haitham Associate Professor and Chief of Ophthalmology\" Mark Smith's","circulated in manuscript form and was published at Rome in 1472 (the first printed edition of the \"Lives\"; the Greek text was printed only in 1533). He also translated four books against the errors of the Greeks by Manuel Kalekas Patriarch of Constantinople a Dominican friar (Ingolstadt 1608) P.G. CLII","Coast. In 2008 Wizards issued a \"50th Anniversary\" edition (though the game wasn't 50 years old). In 2016 the game was transferred back to the Hasbro games division and republished in Nov. 2016 under the Avalon label. In most versions the theme of the game is investing in hotel chains.","ranks of his field to edit the . As such he was elected to the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences won the Royal Society of London's Davy Medal in the year of his death. Despite these accomplishments and his training by a storied next generation of chemists (including Zaitsev Curtius","video terminal markup or color codes (such as those found in HTML IRC and many internet message boards) to add a bit more tone variation. In this way it is possible to create ASCII art where the characters only differ in color. ASCII art text editors are used to create","published a new edition of the works of Aristotle and Theophrastus which formerly belonged to the library of Apellicon and were brought to Rome by Sulla with the rest of Apellicon's library in 84 BC. Tyrannion commenced this task but apparently did not do much towards it. The arrangement which","in five volumes the last two (1878 1882) being edited and completed by Otto Kade and Wilhelm Langhans. Ambros was professor of the history of music at Prague from 1869 to 1871. Also in Prague he seated on the board of governors in the Prague Royal Conservatory. By 1872 he","dedication on September 11 2008. Since September 11 American Airlines continues to fly from Dulles International Airport to Los Angeles International Airport. As of August 2016 flight number 77 has been renumbered to 2636 now using a Boeing 737-800 departing at 7:40 in the morning. The Department of Defense released","time. The book went through many editions was reprinted in the United States and translated into German and other languages. It later inspired European sympathy for the Greek struggle for independence and spawned sequels","may also be mentioned in four 7th-century  documents edited by Claude Hermann Walter Johns. Xenophon records that the army of Cyrus resupplied during a campaign in 401  at \"Charmande\" near the end of a 90-parasang march between Korsote and Pylae which likely intends Anah. It was the site where Julian","the executors of François Viète to revise and edit Viète's manuscript works. Viète died in 1603 and it is unclear if Anderson knew him but his eminence was sufficient to attract the attention of the dead man's executors. Anderson corrected and expanded upon Viète's manuscripts which extended known geometry to","although his edition (1897) was partially anticipated by the editors of the \"\" who published some selections in the twenty-seventh volume of their Scriptores (1885). Ambroise followed Richard I as a noncombatant and not improbably as a court-minstrel. He speaks as an eye-witness of the king's doings at Messina in","the work to Ambrose in his complete edition of that Father's work. This is extremely problematic though since it would require Ambrose to have written the book before he became a bishop and then added to it in later years incorporating later remarks of Hilary of Poitiers on Romans. No","history from Ötzi a mummy (circa 3000 BC) found along the border of modern Italy and Austria to the Egyptian mummies circa 2590 BC. In 1715","union with effective powers for the central government. Jackson attempted to face down Calhoun over the issue which developed into a bitter rivalry between the two men. One incident came at the April 13 1830 Jefferson Day dinner involving after-dinner toasts. Robert Hayne began by toasting to \"The Union of","people began calling it \"The Great White Way\". When the theater district moved uptown the name was transferred to the Times Square area. The phrase \"Great White Way\" has been attributed to Shep Friedman columnist for the \"New York Morning Telegraph\" in 1901 who lifted the term from the title","as another double-live album in the vein of \"On Your Feet or on Your Knees\" Columbia insisted that it be edited down to single-album length. It was a resounding commercial success becoming Blue Öyster Cult's most popular album and eventually selling over 2 million copies. It also revealed that while","Farkasréti Cemetery next to the remains of Ditta who died in 1982 the year after his centenary . The two unfinished works were later completed by his pupil Tibor Serly. György Sándor was the soloist in the first performance of the Third Piano Concerto on February 8 1946. Ditta Pásztory-Bartók later","1974072. \"The Beano\" is currently edited by Craig Graham. Each issue is published on a Wednesday with the issue date being that of the following Saturday. Its characters include \"Dennis the Menace\" \"Minnie the Minx\" \"The Bash Street Kids\" \"The Numskulls\" \"Roger the Dodger\" \"Billy Whizz\" and \"Ball Boy\". Earlier","the early days. During major breaking news events the BBC News Channel has been broadcast on BBC One; examples of special broadcasts include the 11 September 2001 attacks 7 July 2005 London bombings the capture of Saddam Hussein and the death of Osama bin Laden. Coverage of major events has","and Welsh. A new generation is determined to gain international recognition for Breton. The monolingual dictionary \" (1995) defines Breton words in Breton. The first edition contained about 10000 words and the second edition of 2001 contains 20000 words. In the early 21st century the \" (\"Office of the Breton","A third edition of the core booklet now titled \"Basic Roleplaying: The Chaosium System\" was released in 2002. In 2004 Chaosium published the \"Basic Roleplaying\" monographs a series of paperback booklets. The first four monographs (\"Players Book\" \"Magic Book\" \"Creatures Book\" and \"Gamemaster Book\") were essentially \"RuneQuest\" 3rd Edition but","Sound Editing. In 1280 King Edward \"Longshanks\" invades and conquers Scotland following the death of Alexander III of Scotland who left no heir to the throne. Young William Wallace witnesses Longshanks' treachery survives the deaths of his father and brother and is taken abroad on a pilgrimage throughout Europe by","produced several large collections of classic grand-scale science fiction under the titles \"Space Opera\" (1974) \"Space Odysseys\" (1975) \"Galactic Empires\" (1976) \"Evil Earths\" (1976) and \"Perilous Planets\" (1978) which were quite successful. Around this time he edited a large-format volume \"Science Fiction Art\" (1975) with selections of artwork from the","most widely used criteria for diagnosing bipolar disorder are from the American Psychiatric Association's (APA) \"Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders\" Fifth Edition (DSM-5) and the World Health Organization's (WHO) \"International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems\" 10th Edition (ICD-10). The ICD-10 criteria are used more often","the newly built International Center of Mugham and the musical fountain. Other prominent parks and gardens include Heydar Aliyev Park Samad Vurgun Park Narimanov Park Alley of Honor and the Fountains Square. The Martyrs' Lane formerly the Kirov Park is dedicated to the memory of those who lost their lives","150th anniversary of Potter's birth. In December 2017 the asteroid 13975 Beatrixpotter discovered by Belgian astronomer Eric Elst in 1992 was named in her memory. There are many interpretations of Potter's literary work the sources of her art and her life and times. These include critical evaluations of her corpus","appear to be some form of the ordinary Eastern or bubonic plague\". He was able to adopt the epidemiology of the bubonic plague for the Black Death for the second edition in 1908 implicating rats and fleas in the process and his interpretation was widely accepted for other ancient and","demeanor earned him the nickname of the \"Ice Man\" or \"Ice-Borg.\" Borg's physical conditioning was legendary and unrivalled. He could outlast most of his opponents under the most grueling conditions. Contrary to popular belief however this wasn't due to his exceptionally low resting heart rate often reported to be near","edit decision list which would then be replicated from the high-quality masters. Timecode can also be superimposed on video using a dedicated overlay device often called a \"window dub inserter\". This inputs a video signal and its separate timecode audio signal reads the timecode superimposes the timecode display over the","OEM image decode the SLP product key then perform SLP activation manually. Cracks for non-genuine Windows distributions usually edit the SLIC or emulate it in order to bypass Windows activation. Some BIOS implementations allow overclocking an action in which the CPU is adjusted to a higher clock rate than its","between all arms emphasis was placed on detailed planning rigid control and adherence to orders. Mechanization of the army was considered a means to avoid mass casualties and indecisive nature of offensives as part of a combined-arms theory of war. The four editions of \"Field Service Regulations\" published after 1918","marginalize subgroups and sexual minorities. Mental health professionals have a long history of holding negative assumptions and stereotypes about the BDSM community. Beginning with the DSM-II Sexual Sadism and Sexual Masochism have been listed as sexually deviant behaviours. Sadism and masochism were also found in the personality disorder section. This","editions have three chapters others four.) As there are no explicit references in the book to datable persons or events scholars have assigned a wide range of dates to the book. The main positions are: Evidence produced for these positions are allusions in the book to the wider world similarities","You?\" in 2011 where he revealed that he was saved from drowning by Freddy from popular children's series \"Rainbow\" and \"Rod Jane and Freddy\" while on holiday in the Seychelles. In February 2015 Oddie appeared in \"The Keith Lemon Sketch Show\" as the narrator of the sketch \"Ed Sheeran Watch\".","not run properly on other Unix shells. Bash uses readline to provide keyboard shortcuts for command line editing using the default (Emacs) key bindings. Vi-bindings can be enabled by running codice_24. The Bash shell has two modes of execution for commands: batch and concurrent mode. To execute commands in batch","Bernard's contemplative mysticism his devotion to Mary and his reputation for eloquence. He is also the attributed author of the poems often translated in English hymnals as \"O Sacred Head Now Wounded\" and \"Jesus","European Sonet label. After performing for Queen Elizabeth II at the Royal Variety Performance on November 10 1979 Haley made his final performances in South Africa in May and June 1980. Before the South African tour he was diagnosed with a brain tumor and a planned tour of Germany in","published in Britain in 1724. A recognised authority on the pirates of his time Johnson's descriptions of such figures as Anne Bonny and Mary Read were for years required reading for those interested in the subject. Readers were titillated by his stories and a second edition was quickly published though","later than 2019. In late 2017 the FIB announced that negotiations are going on about the possible inclusion of the sport in 2022. At the 2011 Asian Winter Games open to members of the Olympic Council of Asia men's bandy was included for the first time. Three teams contested the"],"title":["Dungeons &amp; Dragons","Data compression","David Fincher","Digamma","Douglas Adams","Dracula","Documentary film","Dr. Dre","David Hume","David Cronenberg","David Lynch","Dictionary","Douglas Engelbart","Armed Forces of the Democratic Republic of the Congo","David Thompson (explorer)","Drum and bass","Disco","Carl Barks","Common Language Infrastructure","Constantine the Great","Charles Lyell","Cartography","London Borough of Croydon","Cowboy Bebop","Comparative law","Common Gateway Interface","Cricket World Cup","Coral 66","Crankshaft","Claudius Aelianus","Cross","Creed","Crucifix","Chris Cunningham","Clive Anderson","Christianity and Judaism","Crochet","Cutter Expansive Classification","Director's cut","Digital video","Douglas Hofstadter","DNA virus","Daniel Dennett","Canadian English","Charles Williams (British writer)","Candide","Croquet","County Dublin","Council of Trent","Chrono Trigger","Chicago Bears","Blue Jam","Channel 4","Rendering (computer graphics)","Cut-up technique","Curry","Charlotte Brontë","Chorded keyboard","Canon law","Carolina parakeet","Chaosium","Carcinogen","Conservative Judaism","Creation science","Cyril M. Kornbluth","Charles Mingus","Critical psychology","The Canterbury Tales","C. L. Moore","Christine de Pizan","Family International","Corum Jhaelen Irsei","Cirth","Cetacea","Catharism","Circuit Park Zandvoort","Cahiers du cinéma","Charles F. Hockett","Crystal Eastman","Chuck Jones","Christadelphians","Calculator","Christmas tree","Crowded House","Chicago","Colon classification","Car Talk","Chinese historiography","Christian Doppler","Computer mouse","Classical order","Computer music","Carmilla","Cornet","Cordwainer Smith","Collective noun","Computer file","Cyc","Clerihew","Call of Cthulhu (role-playing game)","Codex","Charles Babbage","Constellations (journal)","Comic strip","Cyberpunk","Chuck D","Clarke's three laws","Doctrine and Covenants","Doraemon","Dada","Drexel University","David Letterman","Major depressive disorder","Daniel Defoe","Disc golf","Doctor Who","Don Quixote","Database","Definition of music","David Hilbert","Dimension","Diving","Deseret alphabet","Dino Zoff","Dumnonii","Didgeridoo","Debian","Decade (Neil Young album)","Dartmouth College","Denis Diderot","Devon","Book of Common Prayer","Roman Breviary","Biomedical engineering","Berkeley DB","Budweiser","Battle of Marathon","Babylon 5","Blood libel","Baroque dance","Batman (1989 film)","Batman Forever","Bill Mumy","Bunnies &amp; Burrows","Batman (1966 film)","Brownie McGhee","Bob Costas","Blizzard Entertainment","Bob Jones University","Bliss bibliographic classification","B. F. Skinner","Barney Bubbles","Balance of trade","Body mass index","Bernoulli's inequality","Bodmin","Batman: Year One","Baudot code","Bipolar I disorder","Bubblegum Crisis","Bombay Sapphire","BeOS","Brahui language","Basel","Biome","Bessel function","Charles Sanders Peirce","Common Era","Convention on Biological Diversity","Constantin von Tischendorf","Clark Ashton Smith","Traditional Chinese medicine","Columbia University","Carl von Clausewitz","Calvin and Hobbes","Comic book","Cairo","Claudio Monteverdi","Cornish language","Claudius","C (programming language)","Common Lisp","Chris Morris (satirist)","Cayman Islands","Capitalism","Central African Republic","Citizen Kane","Charlie Chaplin","Bill Bryson","Classical period (music)","Bubble Bobble","Carl Linnaeus","Catatonia","Constitution","Bathyscaphe Trieste","Bjørn Lomborg","Classics","Big Audio Dynamite","Chordate","Chess","Copyright","Charlize Theron","Common law","Country music","Cold War (1947\u20131953)","The World Factbook","Ben Bova","Colombia","Druze","Depeche Mode","Duke Nukem 3D","Deus Ex (video game)","Daniel Jones (phonetician)","Doctor Syn","David Ricardo","Deuterocanonical books","Christian Church (Disciples of Christ)","Discordianism","David Beckham","David Brewster","Dewey Decimal Classification","Dramaturge","Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders","Dr. Strangelove","Diablo II","David","Tao Te Ching","Dmitri Shostakovich","Dimmu Borgir","Doom (1993 video game)","Dune Messiah","Stephen Donaldson (activist)","Continuity (fiction)","Charles Dickens","Catullus","Standard works","Computer program","Confucius","Chinese language","History of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints","C. S. Lewis","California Institute of Technology","Cleveland","Confucianism","Carlo Goldoni","Celebrity","Cheers","Wikipedia:Status of the porting of the CIA World Factbook","Cryptozoology","Cardiff","Charles Baudelaire","Craig Charles","Computer animation","Conan the Barbarian","Computer multitasking","Carl Sagan","Coldcut","Chicago Cubs","Cultural production and nationalism","Codec","Cottingley Fairies","Centers for Disease Control and Prevention","Coronation Street","CD-R","Cat","Subspecies of Canis lupus","Cross-country skiing","Chris Marker","Coyote","Catalonia","Garbage collection (computer science)","Coca-Cola","Chrysler Building","COBOL","Cavalry","Federal Bureau of Investigation","FIFA World Cup","Feminist science fiction","Freeciv","Fudge (role-playing game system)","Filioque","Relax (song)","Welcome to the Pleasuredome (song)","Flambards","FA Cup","Fox News","Fu Manchu","Two Tribes","Francis Bacon","Flamsteed designation","Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within","Félix Guattari","Fulham F.C.","Folklore","Frankie Goes to Hollywood","Liverpool (album)","Frank Capra","Foobar","Galicia (Spain)","George Bernard Shaw","Gene therapy","Gary Gygax","Gotham City","Galactus","Giuseppe Verdi","Gnumeric","GnuCash","Garfield","Gulag","George Vancouver","George S. Kaufman","Global Climate Coalition","Grok","Golden Rule","Gorillaz","Gone with the Wind (novel)","Georg Philipp Telemann","GW-BASIC","Giuseppe Peano","George Eliot","Georgian architecture","George Gershwin","George Pólya","Gordon Brown","Goth subculture","Giovanni Boccaccio","Graham Chapman","Johann Gottlieb Fichte","The Return of Godzilla","Communications in Gibraltar","GURPS","Greenpeace","King Kong vs. Godzilla","Terror of Mechagodzilla","Great man theory","Graffiti","Genealogy","Gene Kelly","Ghana","Economy of Gibraltar","Godzilla vs. Megalon","History of Guernsey","Figured bass","Flash Crowd","Fawlty Towers","Friedrich Bessel","Francis Crick","Firmin Abauzit","Flag of the United States","FidoNet","Fernando Pessoa","Fyodor Dostoyevsky","French Republican Calendar","File viewer","Fundamental theorem of arithmetic","Fandom","Friedrich Hayek","Full moon","Frederick Abel","Fantastic Four","Father Christmas","Fred Brooks","Freeware","File manager","Futurians","Franz Kafka","Film stock","Fahrenheit 451","Fanzine","Film crew","Fundamental group","Frédéric Chopin","Felix Hausdorff","Frederick Douglass","Final Fantasy","The Metamorphosis","French cuisine","The Trial","Frank Herbert","Fractal","Formula One","Field hockey","Fabritio Caroso","Ferdinand de Saussure","Francis Hopkinson","Fatah","Fugue state","Fritz Leiber","The Free Software Definition","Frequentist probability","George Orwell","Fleetwood Mac","George Lucas","Gnutella","Franz Boas","Game Boy line","Golem","Game theory","Franz Bopp","Full Metal Jacket","George Washington","Flirting","Filippo Tommaso Marinetti","German language","FASA","Farmer Giles of Ham","George Berkeley","Fridtjof Nansen","History of geometry","Fuel cell","Guatemala City","Forrest J Ackerman","GNU","Frederik Pohl","Help:Editing","HTML","Henry Mayhew","Wikipedia:Redirect","Hee Haw","Global warming controversy","History of Europe","Galaxy Quest","Howard Hawks","Haiku","Glen or Glenda","Game Boy Color","Glenn T. Seaborg","Gunpowder Plot","George Fox","Gregory of Nazianzus","Grinnell College","Hexadecimal","History of Germany","Gerolamo Cardano","Erasmus Reinhold","Emil Kraepelin","EastEnders","Eurovision Song Contest","Erasmus","Edsger W. Dijkstra","Eyes Wide Shut","Eusebius","Ezra Abbot","Empire","Evidence-based medicine","Encyclopedia Brown","Erik Satie","ETA (separatist group)","EasyWriter","Erwin Schrödinger","Edmund Burke","Æthelberht of Kent","Edwin Abbott Abbott","Flag of Europe","Expert system","Elias Boudinot","Eric Clapton","Epistolary novel","Ecclesiastes","Eightfold path (policy analysis)","Geoffrey Chaucer","Glorantha","German literature","Gerald Gardner (Wiccan)","Gia Carangi","Grateful Dead","GURPS Supers","Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel","Graphic design","George Mason University","Gonzo journalism","Gian Lorenzo Bernini","Gardnerian Wicca","Giacomo Puccini","Giga-","Giovanni Pierluigi da Palestrina","George Frideric Handel","George Harrison","Gross domestic product","Garry Kasparov","Gospel","GIMP","Gregory the Illuminator","Gunpowder","Godwin's law","Gustave de Molinari","Gopher (protocol)","Gymnastics","Book of Genesis","Gdynia","Gothic fiction","Gesta Danorum","Eurogame","GIF","Gerard Manley Hopkins","Gustav Radbruch","Enid Blyton","Emacs Lisp","Edward Lear","Evil Dead II","Edward Gibbon","Ethnologue","Editor war","Easter Rising","Essay","European Broadcasting Union","Enter the Dragon","Emil Theodor Kocher","Emperor Tenmu","Édouard de Pomiane","Electric Light Orchestra","Elvis Costello","Educational psychology","Empress Genshō","Euclidean algorithm","Ephrem the Syrian","Enrico Fermi","Essendon Football Club","ELIZA","Ennio Morricone","Enchiridion of Epictetus","E. H. Shepard","E-Prime","Embryo drawing","Emma Goldman","JavaScript","Edna St. Vincent Millay","Earthdawn","Euripides","Edlin","Elizabeth Barrett Browning","Evolutionism","Ernst Haeckel","Erewhon","Escape from New York","Wikipedia:Editing policy","Expert","England national football team","Eugenics","Édouard Manet","Ezra","Edgar Rice Burroughs","Empire State Building","Elijah","E. E. Smith","Everway","Eiffel (programming language)","Emily Brontë","Earned value management","EBCDIC","E. B. White","Eucharist","Ed Wood","Fiji","Frank Zappa","Film editing","Francis Ford Coppola","Film theory","Feminist film theory","François Truffaut","Cinema of Italy","Friedrich Nietzsche","Folk music","History of film","Filk music","Cinema of the Soviet Union","Film noir","Flute","Formalist film theory","Frank Lloyd Wright","History of the Falkland Islands","Cinema of Germany","Cinema of France","Cinema of Japan","Digital cinema","Denis Auguste Affre","Datura","Digimon","West Memphis Three","Dennis Hopper","DirkJan","Dundee","Dylan Thomas","Dance Dance Revolution","Dionysius Thrax","David Abercromby","Danse Macabre","Dominican Order","Dubbing (filmmaking)","Dziga Vertov","Double bass","Don Rosa","Donald A. Wollheim","Dementia praecox","Distributism","David Bowie","Dean Koontz","Dr. Seuss","Das Boot","Edmund Husserl","Encyclopædia Britannica","Edmund Spenser","Ernest Hemingway","Existentialism","The Downward Spiral","Enya","Demographics of Eritrea","Eric S. Raymond","Erwin Rommel","Electronic music","Etruscan language","European Coal and Steel Community","Spain in Flames","Edgar Allan Poe","Equatorial Guinea","E. E. Cummings","Edward Jenner","DC Comics","England","Diophantus","Catan: Seafarers","The Evil Dead","Esperanto","Euclid","Dying Earth","Edward Sapir","Electronic paper","Encyclopedia","Eiffel Tower","Easter egg","Erasmus Darwin","Errol Morris","Davros","Dalek","Gamma World","Game Boy Advance","Georg Henrik von Wright","Gustav Klimt","Geographic information system","A Song of Ice and Fire","Gnosticism","Genetic engineering","Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz","Mobile Suit Gundam Wing","Galen","Genetics","God Save the Queen","Giovanni Aldini","Gregorio Allegri","Gospel of Barnabas","Gustave Flaubert","Guy de Maupassant","Ginnungagap","Gheorghe Hagi","Gumby","Girolamo Aleandro","Gloria Gaynor","Gotthold Ephraim Lessing","Groucho Marx","George R. R. Martin","Gospel of John","Germanic peoples","Geneva","G. K. Chesterton","Gnome","Genome","Gaia philosophy","Aleister Crowley","Alan Garner","The Ashes","Aphrodite","Agatha Christie","Miss Marple","Ashoka","Augustin-Jean Fresnel","Albert Schweitzer","Alfonso Cuarón","Amber Diceless Roleplaying Game","Alternate history","Artificial intelligence","Astronomical unit","André Gide","American (word)","Albert Camus","Avicenna","Alan Turing","Alexis Carrel","Aristophanes","Adelaide","Auto racing","British Virgin Islands","Baruch Spinoza","Britney Spears","Bible","Belgium","Bill Clinton","The Bronx","...Baby One More Time (album)","Love and Theft (Bob Dylan album)","Benjamin Lee Whorf","Symphony No. 9 (Beethoven)","Beavis and Butt-Head","Black Forest","Bulletin board system","Gautama Buddha","Antonio Vivaldi","Alexander of Aphrodisias","Apocrypha","APL (programming language)","Aldine Press","Alfred Russel Wallace","Amazing Grace","Alcaeus of Mytilene","Ealdred (archbishop of York)","AOL","Annales school","The Alan Parsons Project","Antoninus Pius","Ambrose","Angilbert","Aimoin","Brion Gysin","Common buzzard","Book of Mormon","Bede","Blaise Pascal","Benjamin Franklin","Bing Crosby","Bigfoot","Contract bridge","Bertrand Russell","Bali","British English","Bill Watterson","Boston Herald","Brown University","Wikipedia:Building Wikipedia membership","Bram Stoker","National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum","Binary prefix","Barbara Olson","Beastie Boys","Beowulf","Blue Velvet (film)","Bruce Sterling","Blazing Saddles","Baseball","Blade Runner","BMW","Book","Books of the Bible","Benjamin Disraeli","Military of Burundi","Bernard Montgomery","2001 World Series","Bal Thackeray","Bruce Perens","Herman Boerhaave","Brussels","Antipope Felix II","AFC Ajax","Arabs","Atlantis","Arthur Miller","Folklore of the United States","A.S. Roma","Arabic alphabet","Alois Alzheimer","Anton Chekhov","Aalen","Aston Martin","Albrecht Dürer","Arctic fox","Anthony Hopkins","Abstract data type","Alessandro Scarlatti","Anita Hill","Abu Sayyaf","Anointing of the Sick","Aramaic language","Albert Pike","Alberto Giacometti","Aristotle","Animal Farm","Animalia (book)","Asphalt","Ayn Rand","Arthur Schopenhauer","An American in Paris","Aldous Huxley","ASCII","Albert Einstein","Alaska","America the Beautiful","A Modest Proposal","Anarchism","Andre Agassi","Animation","Articles of Confederation","Alfred Hitchcock","A Clockwork Orange (novel)","Apple Inc.","August Derleth","Anatolia","Alfred Nobel","Alfred Korzybski","American Film Institute","MessagePad","A. E. van Vogt","Albert Speer","Asteroids (video game)","Author","Art","Akira Kurosawa","Alexander Graham Bell","Anna Kournikova","Asteroid","Andy Warhol","A. A. Milne","Anime","Allah","Aluminium","Biological warfare","Books of Kings","Book of Daniel","Brian Lara","Barcelona","Buddy Holly","Book of Revelation","Big Brother (franchise)","Book of Joshua","Book of Numbers","Book of Ezra","Book of Nehemiah","Baltimore Orioles","Book of Judges","Black Sabbath","Batavi (Germanic tribe)","Book of Jeremiah","Blackadder","BASE jumping","Books of Samuel","Bowls","Books of Chronicles","Book of Esther","Bioterrorism","BBC Radio 1","Aelianus Tacticus","Plum pudding model","Andalusia","Abba Mari","A Vindication of the Rights of Woman","George Abbot (bishop)","Archaeoastronomy","Abbahu","Alexander of Hales","AutoCAD","Abbreviator","Arthur William à Beckett","Amy Grant","Annals of Mathematics","Active Directory","Abraham Joshua Heschel","A Wizard of Earthsea","Aurochs","André the Giant","Anatomical Therapeutic Chemical Classification System","Antoine Thomson d'Abbadie","Automated theorem proving","Atari Jaguar","Atomic theory","Angular momentum","Administrative law","Boris Pasternak","Boy band","Bruce Campbell","The Birth of a Nation","And did those feet in ancient time","Andrew S. Tanenbaum","Anaïs Nin","Running amok","Apostles' Creed","Athanasius of Alexandria","A Doll's House","A. E. Housman","Al Capp","Alex Lifeson","ACF Fiorentina","Adin Steinsaltz","Ann Druyan","Australian Broadcasting Corporation","Alan Jay Lerner","Archaeopteryx","Arsenal F.C.","Anne Brontë","Asterix","Amiga","Alexander Grothendieck","Alpha Centauri","All Quiet on the Western Front","A Fire Upon the Deep","Alvar Aalto","Alcoholics Anonymous","Adobe Systems","Afrikaans","Apple II series","Ani DiFranco","Andreas Capellanus","Andrea Alciato","Ally McBeal","Atari ST","Abel Tasman","Comparison of American and British English","A. J. Ayer","Aristide Maillol","Augustine of Hippo","Auguste Rodin","Ammianus Marcellinus","Amara Sinha","Adam Smith","Antoine Lavoisier","Archimedes","Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn","Al-Qaeda","Ibn al-Haytham","Ambrose Traversari","Acquire","Hermann Kolbe","ASCII art","Andronicus of Rhodes","August Wilhelm Ambros","American Airlines Flight 77","Anacharsis","Anah","Alexander Anderson (mathematician)","Ambroise","Ambrosiaster","Arthritis","Andrew Jackson","Broadway (Manhattan)","Blue Öyster Cult","Béla Bartók","The Beano","BBC News (TV channel)","Breton language","Basic Role-Playing","Braveheart","Brian Aldiss","Bipolar disorder","Baku","Beatrix Potter","Black Death","Björn Borg","Burnt-in timecode","BIOS","Blitzkrieg","BDSM","Book of Joel","Bill Oddie","Bash (Unix shell)","Bernard of Clairvaux","Bill Haley","Blackbeard","Bandy"],"word":"edit","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7940","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8013","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8079","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8125","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8091","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7923","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8088","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8083","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7925","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7892","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7891","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7931","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8081","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8029","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7994","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8092","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7966","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7345","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7237","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7236","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7472","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7294","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7185","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7341","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7378","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7220","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7239","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7262","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7249","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7213","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7303","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7212","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7324","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7400","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7462","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7502","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7424","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7515","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8731","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8733","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8758","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8777","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8756","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6340","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6533","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6629","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6643","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6514","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6354","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6614","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6611","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6319","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6321","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6604","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6347","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6597","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6532","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6336","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6469","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6322","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6607","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6445","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6623","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7683","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7716","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7668","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7801","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7627","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7721","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7628","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7602","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7617","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7689","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7626","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7630","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7767","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7765","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7635","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7611","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7672","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7586","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7593","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7770","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6886","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6888","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6960","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7174","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7080","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7056","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7100","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7105","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7148","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7077","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6874","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7081","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5722","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5691","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5698","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5723","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5704","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5703","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5718","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5653","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8220","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8412","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8240","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8256","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8340","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8389","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8193","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8212","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8209","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8237","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8377","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8249","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8302","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8398","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8402","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8222","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8138","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8368","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8443","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8242","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8228","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8418","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8199","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8166","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4953","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4865","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4827","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4706","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4851","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4806","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4800","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4941","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4763","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4726","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4730","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4904","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4915","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4727","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4737","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4893","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4876","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4717","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4842","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4868","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4930","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4810","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4788","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4734","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4858","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4731","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4748","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4918","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4742","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4832","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4801","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4702","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4911","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4802","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4700","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6117","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6088","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6198","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6193","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6210","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6310","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6066","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6059","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6231","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6293","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6226","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6130","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6140","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6021","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6068","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5397","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5468","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5416","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5478","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5224","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5142","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5050","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5288","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4965","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5233","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5237","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5253","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5001","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5015","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5178","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5051","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5131","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5134","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5278","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5132","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5254","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5247","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5248","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5163","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4982","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5222","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8632","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8533","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8569","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8484","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8617","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8708","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8470","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8489","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8660","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8527","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8618","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8487","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8699","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8584","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8498","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8695","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8556","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8551","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8574","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8520","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8631","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8521","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8567","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8605","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5768","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5783","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5823","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5751","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5813","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5786","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5820","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5790","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5796","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5828","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5804","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5829","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6777","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6713","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6857","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6824","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6655","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6654","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6836","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6660","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6751","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6811","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6851","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6780","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6678","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6739","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6721","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6715","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6710","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6822","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6734","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6690","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6788","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6799","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6816","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11127","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11370","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11257","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11122","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11157","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11110","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11260","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11263","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11312","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11237","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11121","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11253","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11261","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11319","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11129","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11242","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11109","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11228","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11303","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11229","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11267","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11369","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11178","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12837","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12855","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12891","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12848","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13090","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13095","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12958","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13051","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12880","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13022","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12980","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12867","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13015","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13089","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12998","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12859","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13084","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12995","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13062","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13087","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13043","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13049","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12924","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13066","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12955","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13076","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12905","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12957","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13024","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12007","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12005","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12083","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12228","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12233","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11988","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12001","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12223","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11985","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12025","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12209","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12067","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12082","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11998","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12167","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11656","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11467","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11673","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11574","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11461","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11543","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11447","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11442","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11431","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11625","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11396","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11385","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11556","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11504","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11646","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11432","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11552","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11664","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11561","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11652","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11592","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11382","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11531","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10858","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11028","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10951","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11101","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10827","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11004","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10823","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10989","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11033","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10974","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10862","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11002","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10861","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10852","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10913","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10854","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10886","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11103","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11041","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11022","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11104","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10898","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10875","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10894","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10869","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11891","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11787","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11857","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11856","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11698","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11979","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11888","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11924","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11699","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11701","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11968","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11702","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11801","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11884","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11758","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11745","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11958","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11820","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11953","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11729","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11874","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11740","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11875","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11736","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13223","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13191","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13253","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13231","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13260","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13109","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13212","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13149","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13219","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13217","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13154","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13097","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13120","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13159","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13156","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13172","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13104","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13263","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13224","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13145","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10105","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10002","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9995","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9954","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10152","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10018","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9979","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10172","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10118","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10158","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10013","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10153","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9956","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9926","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9945","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9942","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10030","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9941","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10119","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10025","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10136","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10133","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10049","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10011","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9970","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12787","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12553","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12636","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12789","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12747","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12542","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12549","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12598","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12799","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12566","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12712","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12635","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12697","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12750","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12577","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12776","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12775","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12731","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12594","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12810","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12627","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12628","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12651","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12737","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12656","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12719","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12794","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12551","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12667","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12665","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12622","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12741","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12609","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12702","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12523","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12816","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10258","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10392","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10408","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10487","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10310","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10302","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10268","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10350","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10374","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10380","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10193","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10473","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10426","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10244","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10484","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10510","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10332","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10430","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10377","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10358","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10264","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10257","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10235","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10277","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10413","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10252","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10224","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10273","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9789","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9772","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9670","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9668","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9904","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9615","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9657","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9773","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9767","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10520","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10707","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10672","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10775","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10576","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10799","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10796","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10770","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10787","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10671","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10623","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10783","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10685","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10786","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10802","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10553","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10798","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10683","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10689","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10612","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10784","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10790","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8844","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8876","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8846","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8835","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8832","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8791","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8992","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8828","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8783","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9010","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8892","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8885","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8884","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8973","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8860","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8930","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8816","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8927","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8843","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9059","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8805","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8786","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8910","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8855","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8994","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9518","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9508","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9536","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9428","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9593","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9441","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9482","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9379","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9469","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9516","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9510","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9455","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9577","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9433","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9549","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9366","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9591","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9506","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9105","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9316","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9110","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9086","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9294","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9248","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9331","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9080","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9321","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9225","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9253","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9232","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9324","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9299","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9332","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9138","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9140","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12283","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12430","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12250","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12425","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12398","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12301","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12471","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12383","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12281","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12449","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12326","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12266","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12334","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12481","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12499","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12474","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12307","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12274","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12458","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12276","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12405","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12482","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12509","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12305","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12426","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12300","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12493","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12446","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12521","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12333","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12361","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12388","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12393","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1177","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1152","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1132","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1174","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=984","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1002","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1239","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1141","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1029","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1247","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1183","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1203","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1164","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1210","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1058","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1241","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=983","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1130","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1208","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1051","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1028","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1148","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1022","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3469","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3408","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3382","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3390","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3343","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3356","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3338","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3411","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3375","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3355","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3436","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3427","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3385","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3430","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3395","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1425","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1599","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1288","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1451","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1581","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1494","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1395","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1577","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1583","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1397","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1316","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1307","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1256","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1370","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1409","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1565","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4188","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4193","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3978","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4041","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4068","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3986","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4010","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4009","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3995","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4163","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4147","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4179","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4032","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4171","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4157","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4135","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3992","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4078","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4077","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4195","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3735","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3833","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3947","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3838","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3837","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3850","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3746","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3772","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3778","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3796","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3875","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3701","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3873","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3864","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3780","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3869","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3874","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3708","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2273","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2185","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2178","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2310","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2210","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2358","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2204","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2383","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2447","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2382","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2369","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2402","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2208","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2397","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2349","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2363","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2314","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2216","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2348","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2303","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2371","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2433","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=308","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=620","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=332","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=657","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=339","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=700","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=309","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=628","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=586","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=736","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=624","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=651","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=665","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=595","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=593","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=691","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=808","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=843","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=856","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=980","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=854","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=851","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=784","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=869","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=887","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=888","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=954","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=785","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=914","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=752","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=872","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=852","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=890","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=791","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=864","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=924","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=800","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=740","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=904","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4361","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4380","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4333","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4367","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4443","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4408","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4379","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4391","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4331","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4376","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4332","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4362","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4340","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4377","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4314","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4295","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4363","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4326","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4430","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4378","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4248","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4319","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4382","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4393","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4348","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2634","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2736","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2608","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2834","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2613","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2671","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2753","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2673","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2707","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2705","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2785","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2807","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2851","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2494","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2575","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2770","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2607","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2546","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2782","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2560","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4667","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4673","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4670","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3333","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2940","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3110","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3253","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3255","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3225","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3144","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3198","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3012","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3165","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3192","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3013","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3079","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3010","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2995","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2174","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2029","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2101","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1980","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2042","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1979","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2152","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2080","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2009","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2047","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1955","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2162","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2116","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2126","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1949","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1960","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1948","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2141","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1988","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2011","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2018","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2063","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2030","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2065","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1767","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1669","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1814","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1822","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1844","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1625","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1921","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1645","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1716","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1896","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1825","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1884","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1764","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1700","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1902","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1732","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1734","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1751","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1880","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1718","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1776","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1623","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4626","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4579","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4527","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4653","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4621","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4647","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4592","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4560","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4561","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4531","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4566","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4481","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4501","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4601","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4541","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4473","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4652","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4545","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4447","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4622","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4547","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4552","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4528","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4572","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4444"]}
	{"docID":[6354],"text":["Mansi \"Concilia\" xxxv. 345 sqq. Note also Carl Mirbt \"Quellen\" 2d ed pp. 202\u2013255. The best English edition is by James Waterworth (London 1848; \"With Essays on the External and Internal History of the Council\"). The original acts and debates of the council as prepared by its general secretary Bishop Angelo"],"title":["Council of Trent"],"word":"edita","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6354"]}
	{"docID":[6533,8774,7886,7471,6881,6865,7593,7673,8237,5648,5622,5951,5224,2178,1500,1262,1177,984,3356,3969,4163,4059,4035,1911,2006,2023,2628,4348,2999,3010,4675,10577,10671,10510,12789,12707,12754,12855,13024,12994,11544,10989,10847,9935,10005,9910,9824,8783,9518],"text":["milliner of Islington. He had one sister Edith born in 1889. The Williams family lived in 'shabby-genteel' circumstances owing to Walter's increasing blindness and the decline of the firm by which he was employed in Holloway. Educated at St Albans School Hertfordshire Williams was awarded a scholarship to University College","Eyre Hirsch (née McSkimming) on March 2 1963 and greatly reduced his show business activities. He served as executive producer of \"The Mothers-in-Law\" and during its two-year run made four guest appearances as a Spanish matador Señor Delgado. Edith died in 1985 aged 67 from cancer. Although both Arnaz and","remarking that her role \"belongs in front of a sixth-grade class not [where the film is set].\" In 2009 Barrymore starred in the ensemble comedy \"He's Just Not That Into You\" which garnered mixed reviews from critics who observed her limited time on screen while it grossed US$178 million worldwide.","and Catherine's feast was restored to April 29. In his decree of 13 April 1866 Pope Pius IX declared Catherine of Siena to be a co-patroness of Rome. On 18 June 1939 Pope Pius XII named her a joint patron saint of Italy along with Saint Francis of Assisi. On","editor-in-chief of the literary magazine \"The Century\" helped promote her career and he introduced her to the elite of society. Among her portraits which followed from that association are those of Georges Clemenceau; First Lady Edith Roosevelt and her daughter; and Admiral Sir David Beatty. She also sketched President Teddy","the youngest son of William the Conqueror. Through a series of political intrigues Henry I gained the English throne in 1100. Henry had three problems: Henry reconciled with the Church and Anselm. He married Edith the daughter of Malcolm III of Scotland. The Anglo-Saxon population was placated because they viewed","was developed with the introduction of the Dalton Adding Machine developed by James L. Dalton in the United States. In 1921 Edith Clarke invented the \"Clarke calculator\" a simple graph-based calculator for solving line equations involving hyperbolic functions. This allowed electrical engineers to simplify calculations for inductance and capacitance in","Outstanding Costume Design. Edith Head and Orry-Kelly both of whom were born late in 1897 were two of Hollywood's most notable costume designers. In the 20th century contemporary fabric stores offered commercial patterns that could be bought and used to make a costume from raw materials. Some companies also began","translations of the mid-20th century are by Samuel Putnam (1949) J. M. Cohen (1950; Penguin Classics) and Walter Starkie (1957). The last English translation of the novel in the 20th century was by Burton Raffel published in 1996. The 21st century has already seen four new translations of the novel","Cornish people at the east bank of the River Tamar. One interpretation of the Domesday Book is that by this time the native Cornish landowning class had been almost completely dispossessed and replaced by English landowners particularly Harold Godwinson himself. However the Bodmin manumissions show that two leading Cornish figures","in 1938 (and a captain in the school's OTC) then instructor at the Royal Naval College Dartmouth in 1939. In 1940 he joined the Queen's Royal Regiment as a captain and undertook a range of staff and military teaching positions in Britain. In 1943 he married Ethelwyn Edith Graves (born","an itinerant couple lived in Cleveland as a teenager and attended Central High School in Cleveland in the 1910s. He wrote for the school newspaper and started writing his earlier plays poems and short stories while living in Cleveland. The African-American avant garde poet Russell Atkins also lived in Cleveland.","\"It can't be love\"\u2014\"In a Mizz\" is performed at the Everglades picnic framing the fight in the tent between Susan and Kane. Musicians including bandleader Cee Pee Johnson (drums) Alton Redd (vocals) Raymond Tate (trumpet) Buddy Collette (alto sax) and Buddy Banks (tenor sax) are featured. All of the music","north Atlantic Ocean/ where before lay the poet-dreamt lands\u201d but also that in Norse belief such a figure only appears to those about to drown. The fact that Atlantis is a lost land has made of it a metaphor for something no longer attainable. For the American poet Edith Willis","Liddell the Eaglet was Edith Liddell the Dodo was Dodgson and the Duck was Rev. Robinson Duckworth. In order to get dry after a swim the Dodo proposes that everyone run a Caucus race \u2014 where the participants run in patterns of any shape starting and leaving off whenever they","taken up by singer Edith Piaf","Buddhist practices in India. He married Rose Edith Kelly and in 1904 they honeymooned in Cairo Egypt where Crowley claimed to have been contacted by a supernatural entity named Aiwass who provided him with \"The Book of the Law\" a sacred text that served as the basis for Thelema. Announcing","those of reading the children's books written by Mrs Molesworth including \"The Adventures of Herr Baby\" (1881) \"Christmas Tree Land\" (1897) and \"The Magic Nuts\" (1898). She also read the work of Edith Nesbit including \"The Story of the Treasure Seekers\" (1899) \"The Phoenix and the Carpet\" (1903) and \"The","still married to his third wife. Soon after Bill was born Virginia traveled to New Orleans to study nursing. She left her son in Hope with her parents Eldridge and Edith Cassidy who owned and ran a small grocery store. At a time when the southern United States was racially","Edward the Confessor and his queen consort Edith of Wessex in late Saxon times and after the Norman Conquest William the Conqueror. William gave the site to Geoffrey de Mandeville who bequeathed it to the monks of Westminster Abbey. In 1531 King Henry VIII acquired the Hospital of St James (later St James's","he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature. When he was given the Order of Merit George VI was affable but slightly embarrassed at decorating a former jailbird saying \"You have sometimes behaved in a manner that would not do if generally adopted\". Russell merely smiled but afterwards claimed that","of Arthur Hawke (1898-1989) (known as Clem) a Congregationalist minister and his wife Edith (known as Ellie) a schoolteacher. His uncle Albert was the Labor Premier of Western Australia between 1953\u201359 and was also a close friend of Prime Minister John Curtin who was in many ways Bob Hawke's role","and black exemplified elegance. The expression \"X is the new black\" is a reference to the latest trend or fad that is considered a wardrobe basic for the duration of the trend on the basis that black is always fashionable. The phrase has taken on a life of its own","Edith Rebecca Saunders) which was used in the early days of genetics to describe variant forms of a gene detected as different phenotypes. It derives from the Greek prefix \"ἀλλήλ\" \"allel\" meaning \"reciprocal\" or \"each other\" which itself is related to the Greek adjective ἄλλος (allos; cognate with Latin \"alius\")","were killed. Hundreds of prisoners escaped but were all soon captured and executed along with an additional group who participated in the revolt. Crematorium IV was destroyed in the fighting and a group of prisoners in the gas chamber of Crematorium V was spared in the chaos. In the decades","in French and Elizabethan drama. He also claims that their influence went beyond just drama and applies to literature in general citing Milton and the Romantics. During his presidential campaign in 1968 Senator Robert F. Kennedy quoted the Edith Hamilton translation of Aeschylus on the night of the assassination of","on the shore. According to Edith Hamilton's \"Mythology: Timeless Tales of Gods and Heroes\" the Aegis is the breastplate of Zeus and was \"awful to behold\". However Zeus is normally portrayed in classical sculpture holding a thunderbolt or lightning bearing neither a shield nor a breastplate. Classical Greece interpreted the","and Vernon Kay. Jameela Jamil was announced as the new presenter of \"The Official Chart\". Matt Edmondson moved to weekend mornings with Tom Deacon briefly replacing him on Wednesday nights. Dan Howell and Phil Lester famous YouTubers and video bloggers joined the station. The changes took effect in January 2013.","the elder of two children and attended Erasmus Hall High School. His sister Edith suffered from chorea as a child. His paternal grandparents were Orthodox Jews and his mother's parents although born Jewish were atheists. His mother kept a kosher home for her husband's sake but was lax about attending","he was the son of Edith Adelson Lerner and Joseph Jay Lerner whose brother Samuel Alexander Lerner was founder and owner of the Lerner Stores a chain of dress shops. One of Lerner's cousins was the radio comedian and television game show panelist Henry Morgan. Lerner was educated at Bedales","the earliest times to the present day. Archeological excavation of prehistoric material took off and expanded considerably in the twentieth century and the department now has literally millions of objects from the Paleolithic and Mesolithic periods throughout the world as well as from the Neolithic Bronze Age and Iron age","Finland has a long tradition of adult education and by the 1980s nearly one million Finns were receiving some kind of instruction each year. Forty percent of them did so for professional reasons. Adult education appeared in a number of forms such as secondary evening schools civic and workers' institutes","impact on composers during the 1890s. Writer on music Donald Mitchell notes that Gustav Mahler was \"attracted to the poetic fire of Zarathustra but repelled by the intellectual core of its writings.\" He also quotes Mahler himself and adds that he was influenced by Nietzsche's conception and affirmative approach to","March 2014 Elvis Costello recorded \"\" with Rhiannon Giddens Taylor Goldsmith Jim James and Marcus Mumford. Durning the 2016 Detour he performs with Larkin Poe. Major artists who have been influenced by Costello include Billy Bragg the Pogues Radiohead Dexys Midnight Runners Pulp Crowded House James Suzanne Vega and Foo","life and that a previous academic interest in spiritualism and life after death thereafter became a matter of firm personal belief for him. The very same evening (28 July 1927) after Gardner had met this medium he met the woman he was to marry; Dorothea Frances Rosedale known as Donna","an advocate of the consistory court at York and his wife Edith. Guy's parents were regular communicants of the Church of England as were his paternal grandparents; his grandmother born Ellen Harrington was the daughter of a prominent merchant who served as Lord Mayor of York in 1536. Guy's mother's","costume designers Orry-Kelly and Robert Le Maire and actors John Darrow Anderson Lawler Grady Sutton Robert Seiter and Tom Douglas. Frank Horn secretary to Cary Grant was also a frequent guest. Cukor's friends were of paramount importance to him and he kept his home filled with their photographs. Regular attendees","rejoice in his memory and will not be so disloyal to it as to snivel over his valiant death\". Shaw remained a British subject all his life but took dual British-Irish nationality in 1934. Shaw's first major work to appear after the war was \"Heartbreak House\" written in 1916\u201317 and","Stoneygate Leicester the son of policeman Walter Chapman and Edith Towers. He had an elder brother John who was born in 1936. One of Chapman's earliest memories was seeing the remains of Polish airmen who had suffered an aeroplane accident near Leicester later saying the horrific sights of this remained","as portraits of former Lord Provosts. The Chambers were used as part of the location for \"The House of Mirth\" an adaptation of the novel by Edith Wharton by Terence Davies starring Gillian Anderson and Dan Aykroyd. They were also used as a stand in for the Kremlin in the","however entering in December 1960 and the revolt the generals a crisis hit the legion putting its faith at the corps of the Army. For having rallied to the generals putsch of April 1961 the 1st Foreign Parachute Regiment 1 REP of the 10th Parachute Division was dissolved on April","1939 for a research fellowship to be able to emigrate into the USA. In mid-1941 the Bonn Jews began to be deported to the Monastery \"To Perpetual Adoration\" in Endenich from which the nuns had been expelled. The transports to the death camps in the east occurred later. After Felix","from the United States to other nations. When Edith Wilson took control of her husband's schedule in 1919 after he had a debilitating stroke one Republican senator labeled her \"the Presidentress who had fulfilled the dream of the suffragettes by changing her title from First Lady to Acting First Man.\"","Edith of England also spelt Eadgyth or Ædgyth ( ; 910 \u2013 26 January 946) a member of the House of Wessex was German queen from 936 until her death by her marriage with King Otto I. Edith was born to the reigning English king Edward the Elder by his","was the first French mixed school and a scandal at that time. Sebastien Faure in 1904 created a libertarian school 'La Ruche' (the Hive). Hermann Lietz founded three Landerziehungsheime (country boarding schools) in 1904 based on Reddie's model for boys of different ages. Lietz eventually succeeded in establishing five more","to the Unco Guid\" begins with a verse appeal to Ecclesiastes 7:16. The title of Ernest Hemingway's first novel \"The Sun Also Rises\" was taken from Ecclesiastes 1:5. The title of Edith Wharton\u2019s novel \"House of Mirth\" was taken from Ecclesiastes 7:4 (\"The heart of the wise is in the","Literature\". While at school she had several relationships with women including Edith Wynne Matthison who would go on to become an actress in silent films. Millay entered Vassar College in 1913 when she was 21 years old later than usual. She had relationships with several fellow students during her time","the work was \"the sort of bomb that bursts no more than once in three years\". The volume was critically acclaimed and won a contest run by the \"Sunday Referee\" netting him new admirers from the London poetry world including Edith Sitwell and Edwin Muir. The anthology was published by","Academic discussion of Husserl and Heidegger is extensive. At Göttingen in 1913 Adolf Reinach (1884\u20131917) \"was now Husserl's right hand. He was above all the mediator between Husserl and the students for he understood extremely well how to deal with other persons whereas Husserl was pretty much helpless in this"],"title":["Charles Williams (British writer)","Desi Arnaz","Drew Barrymore","Catherine of Siena","Cecilia Beaux","Concordat of Worms","Calculator","Costume","Don Quixote","Cornwall","C. Northcote Parkinson","Cleveland","Citizen Kane","Atlantis","Dodo (Alice's Adventures in Wonderland)","Argot","Aleister Crowley","Agatha Christie","Bill Clinton","Buckingham Palace","Bertrand Russell","Bob Hawke","Black","Allele","Auschwitz concentration camp","Aeschylus","Aegis","BBC Radio 1","Arthur Laurents","Alan Jay Lerner","British Museum","Finland","Friedrich Nietzsche","Elvis Costello","Gerald Gardner (Wiccan)","Guy Fawkes","George Cukor","George Bernard Shaw","Graham Chapman","Glasgow City Chambers","French Foreign Legion","Felix Hausdorff","First Lady of the United States","Eadgyth","Progressive education","Ecclesiastes","Edna St. Vincent Millay","Dylan Thomas","Edmund Husserl"],"word":"edith","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6533","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8774","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7886","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7471","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6881","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6865","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7593","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7673","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8237","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5648","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5622","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5224","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2178","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1500","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1262","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1177","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=984","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3356","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3969","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4163","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4059","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4035","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1911","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2006","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2023","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2628","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4348","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2999","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3010","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4675","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10577","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10671","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10510","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12789","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12707","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12754","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12855","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13024","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12994","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11544","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10989","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10847","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9935","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10005","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8783","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9518"]}
	{"docID":[1645],"text":["in 1572 with the title \"Opticae thesaurus: Alhazeni Arabis libri septem nuncprimum editi; Eiusdem liber De Crepusculis et nubium ascensionibus\" (English : Thesaurus of Optics: seven books of the Arab Alhazeni first edition: concerning twilight and the advancement of clouds). Risner is also the author of the name variant \"Alhazen\";"],"title":["Ibn al-Haytham"],"word":"editi","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1645"]}
	{"docID":[1844,1767,1581,2634,7604,6193,12281,9110],"text":["530 AD) while commentaries on the works of Archimedes written by Eutocius in the sixth century AD helped to bring his work a wider audience. Archimedes' work was translated into Arabic by Thābit ibn Qurra (836\u2013901 AD) and Latin by Gerard of Cremona (\"c.\" 1114\u20131187 AD). During the Renaissance the \"Editio Princeps\" (First","of the archetype; symptoms of an insular pre-archetype are evident.\" His handling from his earliest printers was little better. The \"editio princeps\" was printed in 1474 in Rome by Georg Sachsel and Bartholomaeus Golsch from \"the worst of the \"recentiores\"\" which broke off at the end of Book 26. The","large volumes of text and commentary demanded during this era. The editio minor instead brought financial and logistical benefits to those interested in the classics. An individual didn't have to go to the book rather now the book came along with them. In 1501 Aldus used as his publisher's device","by Theodore Gaza published at Rome in 1487. The Greek editio princeps was edited by Francesco Robortello and published at Venice in 1552. In spite of its academic nature the copious details to be found in the treatise rendered it of the highest value to the army organisers of the","archaeologists in 1901 and its \"editio princeps\" translation published in 1902 by Jean-Vincent Scheil. This nearly complete example of the code is carved into a basalt stele in the shape of a huge index finger tall. The code is inscribed in the Akkadian language using cuneiform script carved into the","their mutual interest in textual scholarship. His personal library purchased after his death eventually came to the University of Glasgow where a commemorative exhibition of books from his library was held in 1974 and can be accessed by the public. He died in Leipzig. His \"magnum opus\" was the \"Critical","efforts included corresponding with the French bishop Jacques-Bénigne Bossuet and involved Leibniz in some theological controversy. He evidently thought that the thoroughgoing application of reason would suffice to heal the breach caused by the Reformation. Leibniz the philologist was an avid student of languages eagerly latching on to any information","However Bombelli borrowed many of the problems for his own book \"Algebra\". The \"editio princeps\" of \"Arithmetica\" was published in 1575 by Xylander. The best known Latin translation of \"Arithmetica\" was made by Bachet in 1621 and became the first Latin edition that was widely available. Pierre de Fermat owned"],"title":["Archimedes","Ammianus Marcellinus","Aldine Press","Aelianus Tacticus","Code of Hammurabi","Constantin von Tischendorf","Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz","Diophantus"],"word":"editio","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1844","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1767","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1581","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2634","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7604","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6193","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12281","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9110"]}
	{"docID":[1581],"text":["Press cited from \"Aldus Manutius: A Legacy More Lasting than Bronze\". Works published from the Greeks. Manutius printed thirty editiones principes of Greek texts allowing these texts to escape the fragility of the manuscript tradition. Libelli Portatiles The most nearly complete collection of Aldine editions ever brought together was in"],"title":["Aldine Press"],"word":"edition","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1581"]}
	{"docID":[11337,11330,11331],"text":["in Magic debug values)<br> dead code<br> deadlock<br> deadly embrace<br> dead tree<br> dead tree edition<br> deamon<br> death code<br> Death Star<br> deb<br> Debian<br> Debian GNU/Linux<br> debianize<br> deboursification<br> De Bruijn graph<br> De Bruijn notation<br> debugging<br> DEC<br> dec<br> DEC Alpha<br> decay<br> DECdesign<br> DECdns<br> DEChead<br> dechunker<br> decidability<br> decidable<br> decimal point<br> decision problem<br> decision support<br> decision","Java 2<br> Java 2 Platform<br> Java 2 Platform Enterprise Edition<br> Java 2 Platform Micro Edition<br> Java 2 Platform Standard Edition<br> Java 2 SDK<br> Java 2 Software Development Kit<br> Java archive<br> JavaBeans<br> Java Database Connectivity<br> Java Development Kit<br> Java Message Service<br> Java Native Interface<br> Java Open Language Toolkit<br> Java Remote Method","mutual recursion<br> mux<br> mv<br> MVC<br> MVCC<br> MVS<br> MVS/ESA<br> MVS/OE<br> MVS/Open Edition<br> MVS/SP<br> MVS/XA<br> mw<br> MX<br> mx<br> MXI<br> MXIbus<br> MX Record<br> my<br> My Favourite Toy Language<br> MYOB<br> MYSTIC<br> mz<br> N<br> N10<br> na<br> nadger<br> NAG<br> Nagling Coalescence<br> nagware<br> nailed to the wall<br> nailing jelly<br> naive<br> naive user<br> NAK<br> name capture<br> named<br> named"],"title":["Wikipedia:Free On-line Dictionary of Computing/C - D","Wikipedia:Free On-line Dictionary of Computing/I - K","Wikipedia:Free On-line Dictionary of Computing/L - N"],"word":"editionbr","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11337","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11330","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11331"]}
	{"docID":[9508],"text":["the 14th edition \"Time\" magazine dubbed the \"Britannica\" the \"Patriarch of the Library\". In a related advertisement naturalist William Beebe was quoted as saying that the \"Britannica\" was \"beyond comparison because there is no competitor.\" References to the \"Britannica\" can be found throughout English literature most notably in one of"],"title":["Encyclopædia Britannica"],"word":"editionexcept","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9508"]}
	{"docID":[8220],"text":["\"As with other books of scripture the various passages vary in their enduring quality.\" The 167 sections of the Community of Christ's Doctrine and Covenants break down as follows: The following sections are not revelations but letters reports statements and other similar documents: 99 108A 109\u2013113 and 123. Based on"],"title":["Doctrine and Covenants"],"word":"editionsmainli","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8220"]}
	{"docID":[12709],"text":["loop\" and \"ASCII buffer\" editions\u2014were much longer containing descriptions of what exactly Good Times would do to the computer of someone who opened it as well as comparisons to other viruses of the time and references to a U.S. Federal Communications Commission warning. FYI a file going under the name"],"title":["Goodtimes virus"],"word":"editionswer","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12709"]}
	{"docID":[12712,12628,12667,12622,12710,12787,12754,12598,12750,12737,12627,12775,12645,12702,12535,9549,9508,9518,9515,9428,9488,9441,9482,9596,9593,9467,9591,11338,11157,11369,11162,11242,11152,11168,11244,11257,11127,11122,11101,11054,10852,10827,10913,10951,10949,10937,10858,11033,10875,10887,11001,10992,13191,13223,13231,13219,13224,13137,13109,13156,13236,13253,12073,11986,12001,12228,12180,12118,12033,11988,11985,12221,11442,11657,11382,11561,11385,11664,11619,11646,11582,11504,11600,11531,11625,11698,11740,11736,11732,11891,11959,11745,11734,11857,11691,11953,11801,13049,12995,12848,13015,13090,12855,12874,12887,13076,13022,13021,12987,9995,9946,9942,10030,10018,9926,10133,10011,10775,10685,10672,10793,10671,10635,10772,10798,10770,10786,10576,9128,9105,9258,9080,9331,9294,9282,9248,9253,10268,10503,10258,10393,10252,10392,10426,10322,10302,10409,10264,10224,12336,12495,12300,12425,12474,12274,12301,12367,12334,12305,12401,8843,8927,8881,8964,8783,8930,8799,8781,8791,9055,8860,8833,9020,8844,8910,9030,8796,9752,9771,9764,9751,9769,9814,9772,9789,9868,9724,9845,9638,9815,9833,9713,9730,1494,1425,1581,1316,1384,1563,1453,1451,1456,1884,1921,1806,1845,1625,1767,1938,1880,1859,1825,1897,1624,3963,3869,3778,3965,3875,3838,3921,3947,3772,4653,4561,4446,4547,4455,4481,4456,4519,4485,4550,2215,2313,2204,2447,2444,2187,2343,2314,3392,3338,3451,3378,984,1022,1235,1017,983,1078,1177,1171,1130,1141,1202,1247,1203,1214,2868,2785,2754,2553,2786,2780,2782,4688,888,914,872,843,808,931,924,980,972,930,863,2080,1988,2042,2144,2174,1949,1980,1955,3125,3138,3092,3010,3012,3217,2923,3019,3075,4335,4363,4294,4243,4381,4246,4396,4378,4331,4362,4319,676,586,307,736,339,700,324,4163,4032,4211,4041,4171,4051,3981,3986,4031,4157,8302,8432,8425,8243,8199,8222,8209,8242,8418,8176,8237,6216,6210,6059,6117,6259,6193,6060,6130,7611,7546,7683,7627,7716,7586,7729,7765,7548,7599,7892,7891,7935,8013,8091,7928,8095,7940,7989,8128,8088,8090,6347,6607,6533,6340,6321,6431,8731,7023,6928,7077,7179,6932,7345,7462,7212,7271,7222,7442,7388,7463,5309,5433,5397,5315,5311,5376,6713,6851,6751,6824,6827,6728,6671,6767,6715,6849,6677,6799,4982,5224,5211,5050,5163,4792,4820,4692,4768,4893,4801,4953,4810,5820,5981,5884,5823,5942,5955,5776,5828,5704,5725,5723,5719,5700,5617,5703,5722,8487,8699,8551,8527,8653,8584,8713,8484,8521,8569,8605,8470,8478,8695,8594,8687,8574,8498,8494],"text":["both his actions and those of others. Notoriously neglectful of deadlines Thompson often annoyed his editors because he faxed articles late \"too late to be edited yet still in time for the printer\". Thompson wanted his work to be read as he wrote it in its \"true Gonzo\" form. Historian","raster graphics editor used for image retouching and editing free-form drawing converting between different image formats and more specialized tasks. GIMP is released under GPLv3+ licenses and is available for Linux macOS and Microsoft Windows. GIMP was originally released as the \"General Image Manipulation Program.\" In 1995 Spencer Kimball and","same basic story and joined together by various editors. Since the 1970s there has been a revolution in scholarship: the Elohist source is now widely regarded as no more than a variation on the Yahwist while the Priestly source is increasingly seen not as a document but as a body","was used to describe (mostly early) works of Fyodor Dostoyevsky. Most critics simply used the tags such as \"Romanticism\" and \"fantastique\". Even in relatively new story collection translated as Russian 19th-Century Gothic Tales (from 1984) the editor used the name \"Фантастический мир русской романтической повести\" (The Fantastic World of Russian","his lines though his style has been noted for its \"flexibility\" and the variety of different forms his poems have taken. He does not typically use conventional meters nor intentional rhyme. \"Love and respect for the primitive tribe honour accorded the Earth the escape from city and industry into both","was one of the masters of the royal household. His editions of \"Chaucers Works\" in 1532 and 1542 were the first major contributions to the existence of a widely recognised Chaucerian canon. Thynne represents his edition as a book sponsored by and supportive of the king who is praised in","and alcohol dependencies extreme weight fluctuations and real and imagined illnesses. In March 1954 a rough cut still missing several musical numbers was assembled and Cukor had mixed feelings about it. When the last scene finally was filmed in the early morning hours of July 28 1954 Cukor already had","son Georg Ludwig Friedrich Fischer (1807\u201331). In March 1807 aged 37 Hegel moved to Bamberg where Niethammer had declined and passed on to Hegel an offer to become editor of a newspaper the \"\". Hegel unable to find more suitable employment reluctantly accepted. Ludwig Fischer and his mother (whom Hegel","opera is the version most often performed around the world. However the original 1904 version is occasionally performed as well and has been recorded. After 1904 Puccini's compositions were less frequent. In 1906 Giacosa died and in 1909 there was scandal after Puccini's wife Elvira falsely accused their maid Doria","science including Lynn Thorndike John Maxson Stillman and George Sarton and by Bacon's editor Robert Steele both in terms of authenticity of the work and with respect to the decryption method. In any case the formula claimed to have been decrypted (7:5:5 saltpeter:charcoal:sulfur) is not useful for firearms use or","to distinguish the ideas of Jesus from those of later authors and editors. As Luke's attempt to link the birth of Jesus to the census of Quirinius demonstrates there is no guarantee that the gospels are historically accurate. They are written not by eyewitnesses Matthew and Luke have frequently edited","The 105-volume \"Händel-Gesellschaft\" (\"Handel Society\") edition was published between 1858 and 1902 \u2013 mainly due to the efforts of Friedrich Chrysander. For modern performance the realisation of the basso continuo reflects 19th century practice. Vocal scores drawn from the edition were published by Novello in London but some scores such","are available for free download. For many years North has been the author and editor of the","length and it is able to unpack incoming bytes accordingly. The GIF encoding process can be modified to create a file without LZW compression that is still viewable as a GIF image. This technique was introduced originally as a way to avoid patent infringement. Uncompressed GIF can also be a","of all time. The UK magazine's editor Paul Pettengale commented: \"The gameplay reflects a refined approach to the superhero genre and roleplaying","1849) was an American writer editor and literary critic. Poe is best known for his poetry and short stories particularly his tales of mystery and the macabre. He is widely regarded as a central figure of Romanticism in the United States and American literature as a whole and he was","the \"Britannica\" can be found throughout English literature most notably in one of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's favourite Sherlock Holmes stories \"The Red-Headed League\". The tale was highlighted by the Lord Mayor of London Gilbert Inglefield at the bicentennial of the \"Britannica\". The \"Britannica\" has a reputation for summarising knowledge.","develop new insights distinctively variant. Husserl became increasingly critical of Heidegger's work especially in 1929 and included pointed criticism of Heidegger in lectures he gave during 1931. Heidegger while acknowledging his debt to Husserl followed a political position offensive and harmful to Husserl after the Nazis came to power in","until God in his mercy shall bless us with the establishment of our independence.\" Lee's request for a drastic increase of troops would go unfulfilled. The Proclamation was immediately denounced by Copperhead Democrats who opposed the war and advocated restoring the union by allowing slavery. Horatio Seymour while running for","in April; he corrected the final proof in Paris in August 1926 and Scribner's published the novel in October. \"The Sun Also Rises\" epitomized the post-war expatriate generation received good reviews and is \"recognized as Hemingway's greatest work\". Hemingway himself later wrote to his editor Max Perkins that the \"point","letter Η is used as a symbol in textual criticism for the Alexandrian text-type (from Hesychius its once-supposed editor). In chemistry the letter H as symbol of enthalpy sometimes is said to be a Greek eta but since enthalpy comes from ἐνθάλπος which begins in a smooth breathing and epsilon","music was recorded into a Macintosh computer using a board and manipulated with music editor programs on the computer. Unique effects such as analyzing and inverting the frequency were applied to the tracks to create original sounds. The band would \"get an arrangement together\" and convert it into analog tape.","tracks for the film but found her songs were rearranged and orchestrated against her wishes by Richard Myhill except two tracks she sang on \"The Frog Prince\" and \"Dreams\" with the latter's lyrics penned by Charlie McGettigan. Film editor Jim Clark later claimed the rearrangements were necessary as Enya found","upon what bytes are being used to represent the character. Naive text processing software may improperly assume that a particular encoding is being used resulting in mojibake. The Chicago Style Q&A recommends to avoid the use of \u2026 (U+2026) character in manuscripts and to place three periods plus two nonbreaking spaces","and Sartre in particular became the leading public intellectuals of post-war France achieving by the end of 1945 \"a fame that reached across all audiences.\" Camus was an editor of the most popular leftist (former French Resistance) newspaper \"Combat\"; Sartre launched his journal of leftist thought \"Les Temps Modernes\" and","as the editors found no widespread sustained usage of the word in its original meaning. The longest word in that dictionary is \"electroencephalographically\" (27 letters). The longest non-technical word in major dictionaries is \"floccinaucinihilipilification\" at 29 letters. Consisting of a series of Latin words meaning \"nothing\" and defined as \"the","matter as he wrote numerous erotic poems. He also sometimes included ethnic slurs in his writing. For instance in his 1950 collection \"Xaipe: Seventy-One Poems\" Cummings published two poems containing words that caused outrage in some quarters. <\/poem> and <poem> <\/poem> Cummings biographer Catherine Reef notes of the controversy: Friends","DONE<br> Test coverage<br> testing NO IMPORT<br> TET<br> TeX -- 'DONE'<br> TeX-78<br> TeX-82<br> Texas Instruments DONE<br> Texinfo<br> text<br> text-based<br> text editor DONE<br> Text Encoding Initiative<br> text file<br> Text Processing Utility<br> Text Reckoning And Compiling<br> text segment<br> Text To Speech<br> texture<br> tf<br> TFDL<br> TFTP DONE<br> tg<br> TGA<br> T-gen<br> TGS-II<br> TGS Systems<br> tgz","one of \"The Millennium's Most Underrated Games\". Editor Scott Haring stated that \"\"Fudge\" is an extremely flexible rules-light system. It works great and everybody who plays it loves it. Why isn't it more popular? I dunno.\" At the time \"Fudge\" was conceived it was stylish to give role-playing games acronyms","born city-dweller is likely to believe vaguely that he too lives on this shady street or comes from it or is going to.\" NYU professor Leonard Quart writes:\"There would be no enduring conflicts \u2013 harmony no matter how contrived and specious would ultimately triumph in the last frame...In true Hollywood","of Mathematics and Editor of Journal of Behavioral Finance during 2001-2004) and collaborators including Vernon Smith (2002 Nobel Laureate in Economics) David Porter Don Balenovich Vladimira Ilieva Ahmet Duran). Studies by Jeff Madura Ray Sturm and others have demonstrated significant behavioral effects in stocks and exchange traded funds. Among other","October 2001 with the Blu-ray edition released on 7 August 2007. Two weeks before it was released the DVD version was listed on Amazon.com as one of the most-anticipated releases and it was expected to recuperate some of the money lost on the film's disappointing box office performance. Both versions","not always penalize violations. At the 2011 World Championships Florent Amodio's long program music included words but an insufficient number of judges voted for a deduction. In June 2012 the International Skating Union voted to allow skaters from all disciplines to choose music with words in their competitive programs beginning","up by the programmer in an error messages table in the operator's manual providing them with a brief description of the problem. Before the development of disk files text editors and terminals programs were most often entered on a keypunch keyboard onto 80-column punched cards one line to a card.","in the United States and is also available online. The magazine has a monthly circulation of 53000 English copies. Each issue is also translated into Spanish and published concurrently as Revista Luz","L. Timmel Duchamp. Duchamp has been known in the feminist SF community for her first novel \"Alanya to Alanya\" (2005) the first of a series of five titled \"The Marq'ssan Cycle\". \"Alanya to Alanya\" is set on a near-future earth controlled by a male-dominated ruling class patterned loosely after the","and agent privacy issues. The Puerto Rico Justice Department filed suit in federal court against the FBI and the US Attorney General demanding information crucial to the Commonwealth's own investigation of the incident. The case was dismissed by the U.S Supreme Court. Ojeda Rios' funeral was attended by a long","AI players will engage in a very predictable rules-based diplomacy. Version 2.2.0 included a map editor termed Civworld. It can create new scenarios as well as edit the map currently being played. Basic scripting is available with Freeciv but is not available in Civworld. Version 2.3 increased the limit of","mainstream audiences in 1981 the mod revival scene went underground and successfully reinvented itself through a series of clubs bands and fanzines that breathed fresh life into the genre culminating in another burst of creative acceptance in 1985. This success was largely driven by the network of underground fanzines the","of International Action in October 1914. Benito Mussolini upon being expelled from his position as chief editor of the PSI's newspaper \"Avanti!\" for his anti-German stance joined the interventionist cause in a separate fascio. The term \"Fascism\" was first used in 1915 by members of Mussolini's movement the Fasci of","did not complete the required curriculum. He returned to journalism and worked at the \"Seattle Star\" and the \"Oregon Statesman\". He was a writer and editor for the \"San Francisco Examiner's\" \"California Living\" magazine for a decade. In a 1973 interview Herbert stated that he had been reading science fiction","screenwriters cinematographers film editors or actors. Other film directors have attended a film school. Directors use different approaches. Some outline a general plotline and let the actors improvise dialogue while others control every aspect and demand that the actors and crew follow instructions precisely. Some directors also write their own","In a 1996 interview with Michael Silverblatt David Foster Wallace admitted that the structure of the first draft of \"Infinite Jest\" he gave to his editor Michael Pietsch was inspired by fractals specifically the Sierpinski triangle (a.k.a. Sierpinski gasket) but that the edited novel is \"more like a lopsided Sierpinsky","Gospel feels it has the will the right the duty to douse the kerosene light the fuse. [...] Fire-Captain Beatty in my novel \"Fahrenheit 451\" described how the books were burned first by minorities each ripping a page or a paragraph from this book then that until the day came when","Schmidt at RWTH Aachen examined Appel and Haken's proof for his master's thesis . He had checked about 40% of the unavoidability portion and found a significant error in the discharging procedure . In 1986 Appel and Haken were asked by the editor of \"Mathematical Intelligencer\" to write an article","as its policies shifted toward abolitionist. Key used his position as U.S. Attorney to suppress abolitionists. In 1833 he secured a grand jury indictment against Benjamin Lundy editor of the anti-slavery publication the \"Genius of Universal Emancipation\" and his printer William Greer for libel after Lundy published an article that","German however ' literally means \"an animal unclean for sacrifice\"; in today's German it means vermin. It is sometimes used colloquially to mean \"bug\" \u2014a very general term unlike the scientific \"insect\". Kafka had no intention of labeling Gregor the protagonist of the story as any specific thing but instead wanted","of the \"infant\" feminist cause. Strikingly he expressed the belief that \"[a] discussion of the rights of animals would be regarded with far more complacency\u2026than would be a discussion of the rights of women\" and Douglass noted the link between abolitionism and feminism the overlap between the communities. His opinion","on the C-47 Skytrain; throughout the war he continued to regularly publish fiction in a variety of periodicals. Thereafter the family returned to Chicago where Leiber served as associate editor of \"Science Digest\" from 1945 to 1956. During this decade (forestalled by a fallow interregnum from 1954 to 1956) his","editor of \"Astounding Science Fiction\" (later \"Analog\"). He used it frequently in his editorials for many years in the 1940s to 1960s but it never came into general usage the way Murphy's law has. One variant (known as O'Toole's corollary of Finagle's law) favored among hackers is a takeoff on","public disagreement with the 1974 award. British scientist Harry Kroto later said that the Nobel Prize is not just an award for a piece of work but a recognition of a scientist's overall reputation and Hoyle's championing many disreputable and disproven ideas may have invalidated him. In \"Nature\" editor John","The European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority (EIOPA) is an institution of the European Union and part of the European System of Financial Supervisors that was created in response to the financial crisis. It was established on 1 January 2011. Frankfurt is one of two locations of the German Federal","\"living standard\" was based on HTML5 drafts in 2011. HTML lacks some of the features found in earlier hypertext systems such as source tracking fat links and others. Even some hypertext features that were in early versions of HTML have been ignored by most popular web browsers until recently such","and before pressing \"Publish changes\" copy your edits into an external text editor (preferably one without formatting such as Notepad). This ensures that in the case of a browser crash you will not lose your work. If you are adding substantial amounts of work it is also a good idea","solely to avoid redirects is generally a time-wasting exercise that can actually be detrimental. It is almost never helpful to replace codice_7 with codice_7. That is editors should not change for instance codice_9 to codice_10 or codice_9 \"just\" to \"fix a redirect\". However it is perfectly acceptable to change it","of stories by Joseph Conrad Jack London and Zane Grey. Hawks worked on the scripts for all of the films produced but he had his first official screenplay credit in 1924 on \"Tiger Love\". Hawks was the Story Editor at Famous Players (later Paramount Pictures) for almost two years occasionally","markets for local products created a pool of middle managers increased the demand for engineers architects and skilled machinists and stimulated investments in coal and iron. Political disunity of three dozen states and a pervasive conservatism made it difficult to build railways in the 1830s. However by the 1840s trunk","on their cover in 1988 declaring them \"the fastest band in the world.\" As James Hoare deputy editor of \"Terrorizer\" writes: Napalm Death's seismic impact inspired other British grindcore groups in the 1980s among them Extreme Noise Terror Carcass and Sore Throat. Extreme Noise Terror from Ipswich formed in 1984.","and whether they support the positions attributed to them have been disputed. While some critics have argued that the IPCC overstates likely global warming others have made the opposite criticism. David Biello writing in the Scientific American argues that because of the need to secure consensus among governmental representatives the","Milton\u2014with a preface by William Penn. Like most similar works of its time the journal was not written contemporaneously to the events it describes but rather compiled many years later much of it dictated. Parts of the journal were not in fact by Fox at all but are constructed by","development were written: editors shell compiler and all the others. By 1989 the GNU GPL came into being and the only major component missing was the kernel. Development on the Hurd began in 1990 after an abandoned kernel attempt in 1986 based on the research TRIX operating system developed by","was in Paris). Reflecting their satiric and humorous intent the two editors took for their name and masthead the anarchic glove puppet Mr. Punch. \"Punch\" was an unexpected success selling about 6000 copies a week in the early years. However sales of as many as 10000 issues a week were","and passed laws that prevented criticism of the government or its policies dismissed editors critical of Rawlings or the provisional council the Preventive Custody and Newspaper Licensing Law which allowed indefinite detention of journalists without trial and the Newspaper Licensing Law which stifled private media development. Ghanaian press freedom was","from \"Godzilla vs. Mothra\" (1992) onwards. For the 2014 American film sound editors Ethan Van der Ryn and Erik Aadahl refused to disclose the source of the sounds used for their Godzilla's roar. Aadahl described the two syllables of the roar as representing two different emotional reactions with the first","the television version remained mostly uncut with only a shot of Katsura\u2019s naked breasts excised. Saperstein\u2019s editors also added a prologue that serves as a brief history of Godzilla with footage from Saperstein\u2019s English versions of \"Invasion of Astro-Monster\" and \"All Monsters Attack\" ( the latter of which utilized stock","the content and where it was going. [...] He saw [the opening cinematic] and he just wouldn't approve it.\" \"GURPS For Dummies\" () a guidebook by Stuart J. Stuple Bjoern-Erik Hartsfvang and Adam Griffith was published in 2006. \"GURPS\" was ranked 14th in the 1996 reader poll of \"Arcane\" magazine","suggesting that Conté was in poor physical condition and having difficulty standing up. The editor of that newspaper was arrested and the newspaper was required to print a photograph in which Conté looked healthy. According to the constitution the President of the National Assembly was to assume the Presidency of","of 83-42. Whether this island is permanent is not confirmed as of yet. If it is it is the northernmost permanent known land on Earth. In 2007 the existence of a new island was announced. Named \"Uunartoq Qeqertaq\" (English: \"Warming Island\") this island has always been present off the coast","authority. The constitution and law provide for freedom of speech and press and the government generally respects these rights. Libel can be either a criminal offense or a civil matter. Editors and authors of libelous material may be jailed for two to six months and fined 500000 to five million","with Beck in regard to how the film would be handled the two wrote the American version and worked with editor Peter Zinner to remove scenes recut others and change the sequence of several events. Mason and Howard in order to give the film more of an American feel came","excluding the radical and alternative point of view. This type of graffiti can seem crude; for example fascist supporters often scrawl swastikas and other Nazi images. One innovative form of graffiti that emerged in the UK in the 1970s was devised by the Money Liberation Front (MLF) essentially a loose","The editors of filmsite.org argue that animation pornographic film documentary film silent film and so on are non-genre-based film categories. Linda Williams argues that horror melodrama and pornography all fall into the category of \"body genres\" since they are each designed to elicit physical reactions on the part of viewers.","This application would be responsible for handling the packaging of incoming and outgoing mail moving it between the local system's message bases and the mailer's inbound and outbound directories. The scanner/tosser application would generally be responsible for basic routing information determining which systems to forward mail to. In later times","to the ACLU Planned Parenthood and Gurung\u2019s own charity \u201cShikshya Foundation Nepal\u201d. Similarly \"The Business of Fashion\" launched the \"#TiedTogether\" movement on Social Media encouraging member of the industry from editors to models to wear a white bandana advocating for \u201cunity solidarity and inclusiveness during fashion week\u201d. Fashion may be","editor DIRED was developed circa 1974 at the Stanford Artificial Intelligence Lab by Stan Kugell. A directory editor was written for EXEC 8 at the University of Maryland and was available to other users at that time. The term was used by other developers including Jay Lepreau who wrote the","triumphed the shoe custom had still not been forgotten by 1901 when an illustration entitled \"Did you see Santa Claus Mother?\" was accompanied by the verse \"Her Christmas dreams / Have all come true; / Stocking o'erflows / and likewise shoe.\" Before Santa Claus and the stocking became ubiquitous one","editors have to be bought. For example the full version of Adobe Acrobat can be used to create content for most computer platforms. To ensure that people can access the documents created with Adobe Acrobat the software publisher created a viewer program the Acrobat Reader and made it available for","\"Back to the Basics\" Byrne began his run as writer penciller and inker the last under the pseudonym Bjorn Heyn for this issue only. Byrne revitalized the slumping title with his run. Originally Byrne was slated to write with Sienkiewicz providing the art. Sienkiewicz left to do \"Moon Knight\" and","longtime \"Tampa Bay Times\" food and travel editor Janet K. Keeler. This is a list of some prominent writers on food cooking","also due in part to wartime paper rationing. When it was published in the United States by the University of Chicago in September of that year it achieved greater popularity than in Britain. At the instigation of editor Max Eastman (an ardent socialist) the American magazine \"Reader's Digest\" also published","but coined by Curtis Lee Lawes editor of \"The Watchman-Examiner\" who proposed in the wake of the 1920 pre-convention meeting of the Northern Baptist Convention (now the American Baptist Churches USA) that those fighting for the fundamentals of the faith be called \"fundamentalists.\" \"The Fundamentals\" came to represent a \"Fundamentalist\u2013Modernist","large steps to comply with a fanbase's desires. In science fiction a large number of the practitioners and other professionals in the field not only writers but editors and publishers traditionally have themselves come from and participate in science fiction fandom from Ray Bradbury and Harlan Ellison to Patrick Nielsen","of cultural and national continuity. Some Persian language scholars such as Ehsan Yarshater editor of \"Encyclopædia Iranica\" and University of Arizona professor Kamran Talattof have also rejected the usage of \"Farsi\" in their articles. The international language-encoding standard ISO 639-1 uses the code codice_1 as its coding system is mostly","SF editor and historian) over ideological differences with the Futurians wishing to take a more overt political stance. Other sources indicate that Donald A. Wollheim was pushing for a more left-wing direction with a goal of leading fandom toward a political ideal all of which Moskowitz resisted. As a result","sole supporter of his brother's family. The failure of \"Epoch\" the magazine he had founded with Mikhail after the suppression of \"Vremya\" worsened his financial situation although the continued help of his relatives and friends averted bankruptcy. The first two parts of \"Crime and Punishment\" were published in January and","for breaking a folktale into parts and then analyzing these parts. His creation of \"catch-words\" allowed for categorization of these parts and the ability to analyze them in relation to other similar tales. Boas also fought to prove that not all cultures progressed along the same path and that non-European","2008) was an American magazine editor science fiction writer and literary agent a founder of science fiction fandom a leading expert on science fiction horror and fantasy films and acknowledged as the world's most avid collector of genre books and movie memorabilia. He was based in Los Angeles California. During","He ended up \"representing more than half the successful writers in science fiction\" but his agency did not succeed financially and he closed it down in the early 1950s. Pohl stopped being Asimov's agent\u2014the only one the latter ever had\u2014when he became editor from 1939 to 1943 of two pulp","However from the political scene following the post-1968 radicalisation the Soviet adaptation spread to the editors of mass media sparking strong forms of self-control self-censorship and pro-Soviet attitudes. Most of the élite of media and politics shifted their attitudes to match the values that the Soviets were thought to favor","George Strauss. In March 1943 Orwell's mother died and around the same time he told Moore he was starting work on a new book which turned out to be \"Animal Farm\". In September 1943 Orwell resigned from the BBC post that he had occupied for two years. His resignation followed","of) the Bloomsbury Group and the editor of the influential journal \"Mind\". He was elected a fellow of the British Academy in 1918. He was a member of the Cambridge Apostles the intellectual secret society from 1894 to 1901 and the Cambridge University Moral Sciences Club. Moore was born in","four main editors of the \"Oxford English Dictionary\"): A short gun with a large bore firing many balls or slugs and capable of doing execution within a limited range without exact aim. (Now superseded in civilised countries by other firearms.) and then satirises it with application to the situation at","author or editor of several books including \"Global Effects of Environmental Pollution\" (1970) \"The Ocean in Human Affairs\" (1989) \"Global Climate Change\" (1989) \"The Greenhouse Debate Continued\" (1992) and \"Hot Talk Cold Science\" (1997). He has also co-authored \"\" (2007) with Dennis Avery and \"Climate Change Reconsidered\" (2009) with Craig","rights leader Martin Luther King Jr. On September 19 2006 USC announced that Lucas had donated $175\u2013180 million to his alma mater to expand the film school. It is the largest single donation to USC and the largest gift to a film school anywhere. Previous donations led to the already","decomposes each to reveal common functions and types and finally derives Modules from this activity. For example the design of the editor Emacs can initially be thought about in terms of functions: formula_46 <br> formula_47 formula_48 And a possible function decomposition of \"f\": formula_49 formula_50 formula_51 This leads one to","was applied such as finding surface areas for squares and circles the volumes of solids in various three-dimensional shapes and included the use of the Pythagorean theorem. The book provided illustrated proof for the Pythagorean theorem contained a written dialogue between of the earlier Duke of Zhou and Shang Gao","December 1944) was an Italian poet editor art theorist and founder of the Futurist movement. He was associated with the utopian and Symbolist artistic and literary community Abbaye de Créteil between 1907 and 1908. Marinetti is best known as the author of the first \"Futurist Manifesto\" which was written and","from her already extensive and widely known work as an editor and critic. Another factor in her use of a pen name may have been a desire to shield her private life from public scrutiny thus avoiding the scandal that would have arisen because of her adulterous relationship with the","several times. Mitchell and her husband John Marsh a copy editor by trade edited the final version of the novel. Mitchell wrote the book's final moments first and then wrote the events that led up to them. \"Gone with the Wind\" was published in June 1936. The author tentatively titled","Review\" with himself as editor. But wanting a more industry-wide periodical he hired Tim Kask as TSR's first employee to change this magazine to the fantasy periodical \"The Dragon\" with Gygax as writer columnist and publisher (from 1978 to 1981). \"The Dragon\" debuted in June 1976 and Gygax commented on","journalist and drama critic; he was the drama editor for \"The New York Times\" from 1917 through 1930. Kaufman took his editorial responsibilities very seriously. According to legend on one occasion a press agent asked: \"How do I get our leading lady's name in the \"Times\"?\" Kaufman: \"Shoot her.\" He","Joker's latest rampage new villain Mr Bloom sets out to destroy the city so that a new form can 'grow' from it but Bruce Wayne returns as Batman in time to defeat Bloom and reaffirm his role as Batman. In terms of atmosphere \"Batman\" writer and editor Dennis O'Neil has","In Shaw's view \"the Old Gang did not extinguish Mr Wells he annihilated himself\". Wells resigned from the society in September 1908; Shaw remained a member but left the executive in April 1911. He later wondered whether the Old Gang should have given way to Wells some years earlier: \"God","wrote the operetta \"Two Foster Brothers\" (St. George's Hall 1877). In 1879 he had been asked by Tom Taylor the editor of \"Punch\" to follow the example of his younger brother Arthur and become a regular member of the staff of \"Punch.\" Three years later he was 'appointed to the","are editors who are more or less experienced in overall picture of monarch naming and not only one country. It is deception to advertise any system for naming before a consensus there is convinced of the need for such exception. I hope all of you continue the naming scheme discussion","tutor for the Open University. In the 1979 general election Brown stood for the Edinburgh South constituency losing to the Conservative candidate Michael Ancram. From 1980 he worked as a journalist at Scottish Television later serving as current affairs editor until his election to Parliament in 1983. Brown was elected","met with little success. One editor said \"his art was good his gags were great\" but that \"nobody can identify with Bugs.\" Davis decided to take a long hard look at the comics and he saw that dogs were doing very well but there were no cats at the time.","of gondoliers who attempt to remodel the monarchy in a spirit of \"republican equality.\" Gilbert recapitulates a number of his earlier themes including the satire of class distinctions figuring in many of his earlier librettos. The libretto also reflects Gilbert's fascination with the \"Stock Company Act\" highlighting the absurd convergence","definitively established. Historians widely believe that the Federalist newspaper editors Nathan Hale and Benjamin and John Russell coined the term but the historical record does not have definitive evidence as to who created or uttered the word for the first time. Appearing with the term and helping spread and sustain","were Julia Smith and Tony Holland a well established producer/script editor team who had first worked together on \"Z-Cars\". The outline that Reid presented was vague: two episodes a week 52 weeks a year. After the concept was put to them on 14 March 1983 Smith and Holland then went","Leader\". Finally in 1927 Sullivan joined \"The Evening Graphic\" as first sports writer and then sports editor. In 1929 when Walter Winchell moved to \"The Daily Mirror\" Sullivan was made Broadway columnist. His theatre column was later carried in the \"New York Daily News\". His column \"Little Old New York\"","1896) died on 3 October 1965. Early in his life Schrödinger experimented in the fields of electrical engineering atmospheric electricity and atmospheric radioactivity but he usually worked with his former teacher Franz Exner. He also studied vibrational theory the theory of Brownian movement and mathematical statistics. In 1912 at the","his biography of Burke Robert Murray quotes the \"Register\" as evidence of Burke's opinions yet Philip Magnus in his biography does not cite it directly as a reference. Burke remained the chief editor of the publication until at least 1789 and there is no evidence that any other writer contributed","we had a few weak computers programming became a mild problem and now we have gigantic computers programming has become an equally gigantic problem.\" While Dijkstra had programmed extensively in machine code in the 1950s he came to the conclusion that in high-level languages frequent use of the GOTO statement","leaders had used to discreetly manage their activities in Spain. ETA considers its prisoners political prisoners. Until 2003 ETA consequently forbade them to ask penal authorities for progression to \"tercer grado\" (a form of open prison that allows single-day or weekend furloughs) or parole. Before that date those who did","Cherokee named \"Gallegina Uwatie\" also known as \"Buck Watie\" stayed with him in Burlington on his way to the school. The two so impressed each other that \"Gallegina\" asked for and was given permission to adopt the statesman's name. Later known as Elias Boudinot he was an editor of the","villains creating dramatic tension. An important strategic device in the epistolary novel","editor is not simply to mechanically put pieces of a film together cut off film slates or edit dialogue scenes. A film editor must creatively work with the layers of images story dialogue music pacing as well as the actors' performances to effectively \"re-imagine\" and even rewrite the film to","Ballard then editor of the Spectator Amateur Press Society refused to publish it for fear that the article's bawdy content could get them into trouble with the Post Office under the Comstock Laws but found the typo itself amusing and mentioned it repeatedly; thus Jacobs' typo became the self-identified term","to Synclavier music in his composition \"Porn Wars\" on the 1985 album \"Frank Zappa Meets the Mothers of Prevention\" and the full recording was released in 2010 as \"Congress Shall Make No Law...\" Zappa is heard interacting with Senators Fritz Hollings Slade Gorton and Al Gore. Zappa earned widespread critical","Oswald Stoll becoming Britain's largest film studio known for Fu Manchu and Sherlock Holmes film series. In 1920 the short-lived company Minerva Films was founded in London by the actor Leslie Howard (also producer and director) and his friend and story editor Adrian Brunel. Some of their early films include","of new values and aesthetic health. After his death Elisabeth Förster-Nietzsche became the curator and editor of her brother's manuscripts reworking Nietzsche's unpublished writings to fit her own German nationalist ideology while often contradicting or obfuscating his stated opinions which were explicitly opposed to antisemitism and nationalism. Through her published","editor; the GIMP raster drawing and image editor; the X Window System graphical-display system; the LibreOffice office suite; and the TeX and LaTeX typesetting systems. From the 1950s up until the early 1970s it was normal for computer users to have the \"software freedoms\" associated with free software which was","that copyright holders cannot order a deletion of an online file without determining whether that posting reflected \"fair use\" of the copyrighted material. The case involved Stephanie Lenz a writer and editor from Gallitzin Pennsylvania who made a home video of her thirteen-month-old son dancing to Prince's song Let's Go","editor or type-setter) the composer of a piece of music (though sometimes the performers are given credence akin to actors in film today) or the painter of a fresco (not his assistants who mix the colours or often do some of the painting themselves). By elevating the director and not","up with a job at his newly formed film magazine \"Cahiers du cinéma\". Over the next few years Truffaut became a critic (and later editor) at \"Cahiers\" where he became notorious for his brutal unforgiving reviews. He was called \"The Gravedigger of French Cinema\" and was the only French critic","never reviewed the films there were no audience surveys and no records exist of how many people viewed the films. In order to judge the reception and popularity of these foreign films historians have mainly relied on anecdotal evidence. The German musical comedy \"The Woman of My Dreams\" has received","Zoetrope is based. It serves traditional Italian cuisine and wine from his personal estate vineyard. For 14 years from 1994 Coppola co-owned the Rubicon restaurant in San Francisco along with Robin Williams and Robert De Niro. Rubicon closed in August 2008. He brought out the San Francisco-based \"City Magazine\" in","to Manhattan Kansas in 1855 and his father was editor of his own newspaper in the town. In 1882 Runyon's father was forced to sell his newspaper and the family moved westward. The family eventually settled in Pueblo Colorado in 1887 where Runyon spent the rest of his youth. By","a mythological context. Since the 1940s when Superman Batman and many of the company's other heroes began appearing in stories together DC's characters inhabited a shared continuity that decades later was dubbed the \"DC Universe\" by fans. With the story \"Flash of Two Worlds\" in \"Flash\" #123 (September 1961) editor","been published is proven to contain plagiarism the editor of the journal can retract the article. Publication bias occurs when the publication is one-sided or \"prejudiced against results\". In best practice an author should try to include information from all parties involved or affected by the topic. If an author","in magazines. According to pulp editor Sam Merwin Vance's earliest magazine submissions in the 1940s were heavily influenced by the style of James Branch Cabell. Fantasy historian Lin Carter has noted several probable lasting influences of Cabell on Vance's work and suggests that the early \"pseudo-Cabell\" experiments bore fruit in","apparent citation of Euclid by Archimedes has been judged to be an interpolation by later editors of his works it is still believed that Euclid wrote his works before those of Archimedes. Proclus later retells a story that when Ptolemy I asked if there was a shorter path to learning","packaged in a latex replica of the \"Necronomicon\" sculpted by Tom Sullivan. The film's high-definition debut was in a 2010 Blu-ray. Upon its release contemporary critical opinion was largely positive. Bob Martin editor of \"Fangoria\" reviewed the film before its formal premiere and proclaimed that it \"might be the exception","a fictional branch of the National Security Agency called Third Echelon (later in \"\" the unit is replaced by the Fourth Echelon). The 2007 film \"The Bourne Ultimatum\" makes several references to ECHELON. A CIA listening station in London is alerted when ECHELON detects the keyword \"Blackbriar\" in a cell","noble effort; for in this way he has served his fellowmen well. With untiring effort and self-sacrifice on the part of its devotees Esperanto will become universal. Therefore every one of us must study this language and spread it as far as possible so that day by day it may","2018 there are articles in the English Wikipedia. There are 287 different editions of Wikipedia. As of February 2014 it had 18 billion page views and nearly 500 million unique visitors each month. Wikipedia has more than 25 million accounts out of which there were over 118000 active editors globally","lacking only a decent editor\". Emacs advocates have been known to respond that the editor is actually very good but the operating system could use improvement (referring to Emacs' famous lack of concurrency). A game among UNIX users either to test the depth of an Emacs user's understanding of the","new scenarios and general discussions about the use of the scenario editor. In June 2007 Jeff Vogel released the source code and game content for \"Blades of Exile\" which is currently under version 2 of the GNU General Public License. On December 1 1998 the first three Exile games also","Blyton's daughter Imogen has stated that she \"loved a relationship with children through her books\" but real children were an intrusion and there was no room for intruders in the world that Blyton occupied through her writing. Accusations of racism in Blyton's books were first made by Lena Jeger in","Henry Fry the first European-styled \"grand\" opera composed in the United States is based on Bulwer-Lytton's play \"The Lady of Lyons\" as is Frederic Cowen's first opera \"Pauline\" (1876). Verdi rival Errico Petrella's most successful opera \"Jone\" (1858) was based upon Bulwer-Lytton's \"The Last Days of Pompeii\" and was performed","children Graham (born 1907) and Mary (born 1909) who both became illustrators. Lt. Graham Shepard died when his ship HMS \"Polyanthus\" was sunk by German submarine U-952 in September 1943. Mary married E.V. Knox the editor of \"Punch\" and became known","modified and redefined without restarting the editor or reloading the config file. In order to save time and memory space much of the functionality of Emacs loads only when required. Each set of optional features shipped with Emacs is implemented by a collection of Emacs code called a package or","Toneri the editor of the \"Nihon Shoki\" and father of Emperor Junnin. Through Prince Kusakabe Tenmu had two emperors and two empresses among his descendents. Empress Kōken was the last of these imperial rulers from his lineage. Emperor Tenmu is the first monarch of Japan to whom the title \"Tennō\"","that \"With its 3D graphics first-person perspective and elegantly simple combat system \"EverQuest\" has finally given us the first step towards a true virtual world. Internet gaming will never be the same.\" \"Everquest\" was named GameSpot's 1999 Game of the Year in its Best & Worst of 1999 awards remarking","same journal Lyle Campbell and Verónica Grondona said: \"Ethnologue\"...has become the standard reference and its usefulness is hard to overestimate.\" In 2015 Harald Hammarström an editor of \"Glottolog\" criticized the publication for frequently lacking citations and failing to articulate clear principles of language classification and identification. However he concluded that","me because I understand that if I win this (award) two years in a row I get to keep Mr. Boynton\" she joked. But she was also a hit with the critics; a winter 1949 poll of newspaper and magazine radio editors taken by \"Motion Picture Daily\" named her the","His theory later referred to as Fermi's interaction and still later as the theory of the weak interaction described one of the four fundamental forces of nature. The neutrino was detected after his death and his interaction theory showed why it was so difficult to detect. When he submitted his","he added a third editor Jeremy Klein. Bourland and Johnston then edited a third book \"E-Prime III: a third anthology\" published in 1997. Korzybski (1879\u20131950) determined that two forms of the verb 'to be'\u2014the 'is' of identity and the 'is' of predication\u2014had structural problems. For example the sentence \"The coat","later known as the Amphitheatrum Flavium (Colosseum) which seated 50000 spectators and would remain the largest in the Empire. It was inaugurated by Titus in 80 AD the personal gift of the Emperor to the people of Rome paid for by the Imperial share of booty after the Jewish Revolt.","participants in the Fenian raid working on a \"pro bono\" basis (free of charge). In 1868 Cleveland attracted professional attention for his winning defense of a libel suit against the editor of Buffalo's \"Commercial Advertiser\". During this time Cleveland assumed a lifestyle of simplicity taking residence in a plain boarding","on the new dramatic fantasy series \"Beauty and the Beast\"; in 1989 he became the show's co-supervising producer and wrote 14 of its episodes. In 1987 Martin published a collection of short horror stories in \"Portraits of His Children\". During this same period Martin continued working in print media as","towards Klimt's contemporary perspective. There was an audience for Klimt's erotic drawings however and fifteen of his drawings were selected by Viennese poet Franz Blei for his translation of Hellenistic satirist Lucian's \"Dialogues of the Courteseans\". The book limited to 450 copies provided Klimt the opportunity to show these more","above the Vulgate text of the Latin Bible. Consequently most researchers would concur with a stratification of the surviving text into at least three distinct layers of composition: Much of the controversy and dispute concerning the authenticity of the Gospel of Barnabas can be re-expressed as debating whether specific highly","a comedy in 1875 (with the benediction of Flaubert) \"\". In 1878 he was transferred to the Ministry of Public Instruction and became a contributing editor to several leading newspapers such as \"Le Figaro\" \"Gil Blas\" \"Le Gaulois\" and \"l'Écho de Paris\". He devoted his spare time to writing novels","about the French monarchy in the 13th and 14th centuries. The story is written to follow principal landmarks with an ultimate destination but leaves Martin room for improvisation. On occasion improvised details significantly affected the planned story. By the fourth book Martin kept more private notes than ever before to","a powerless disenfranchised minority with crude vulgar drawings closer to graffiti than cartoons\" and thereby wandering \"into the realm of hate speech\" with cartoons of Muhammad. Writing in \"The Atlantic\" in which","earliest known version by John Bull (1562\u20131628)\". The \"English Hymnal\" (musical editor Ralph Vaughan Williams) gives no attribution stating merely \"17th or 18th cent.\" <poem>God save great George our king God save our noble king God save the king! Send him victorious Happy and glorious Long to reign over us","in Leipzig and Berlin. He began to work as a reviewer and editor for the \"Vossische Zeitung\" and other periodicals. Lessing formed a close connection with his cousin Christlob Mylius and decided to follow him to Berlin. In 1750 Lessing and Mylius teamed together to begin a periodical publication named","chemical editors to database searching. In statistical physics graphs can represent local connections between interacting parts of a system as well as the dynamics of a physical process on such systems. Similarly in computational neuroscience graphs can be used to represent functional connections between brain areas that interact to give","as well as anthologies of translated stories \"Best From the Rest of the World.\" With the help of Arthur W. Saha Wollheim also edited and published the popular \"Annual World's Best Science Fiction\" anthology from 1971 until his death. Algis Budrys in 1966 gave Wollheim a Galaxy Bookshelf award \"for","he also discovered and enjoyed the Superman titles by DC Comics of the editor Mort Weisinger period drawn mostly by his favorite Superman artists Curt Swan and Kurt Schaffenberger. Shortly after starting to collect Superman comics he started to trade the collection of his older sister for Superman Comics. Since","the perceived value of that title. In the 1960s the inconsistent usage at American universities and colleges was mentioned in the \"New York Times Book Review\" and the editor of \"Science\" noted that: \"In some universities administrators call all Ph.D.'s 'Mister' but students and colleagues call them 'Doctor.' Often but","the \"Daily Star\" under editor George Taylor. Superman co-creator Joe Shuster named the \"Daily Star\" after the \"Toronto Daily Star\" newspaper in Toronto Ontario which had been the newspaper that Shuster's parents received and for which Shuster had worked as a newsboy. It was not until later years that the","Welsh metrics; that of counting syllables per line instead of feet. Constantine Fitzgibbon Thomas's first in-depth biographer wrote \"No major English poet has ever been as Welsh as Dylan\". Although Thomas had a deep connection with Wales he disliked Welsh nationalism. He once wrote \"Land of my fathers and my","be quite familiar to viewers of \"Man with the Movie Camera\": the peasant works and so does the urban woman and so too the woman film editor selecting the negative...\" With Lenin's admission of limited private enterprise through his New Economic Policy (NEP) of 1921 Russia began receiving fiction films","a distant location by someone (or possibly even a wild animal) carried to the river bank and reburied there. The sheriff of Cowlitz County proposed that Cooper accidentally dropped a few bundles on the airstair which then blew off the aircraft and fell into the Columbia River. One local newspaper","When Harold Ross founded \"The New Yorker\" in 1925 Parker and Benchley were part of a \"board of editors\" established by Ross to allay concerns of his investors. Parker's first piece for the magazine appeared in its second issue. Parker became famous for her short viciously humorous poems many about","two major box office films that summer. Hopper won wide acclaim as the director for his improvisational methods and innovative editing for \"Easy Rider\". The production was plagued by creative differences and personal acrimony between Fonda and Hopper the dissolution of Hopper's marriage to Hayward his unwillingness to leave the","with many in the city. There are two golf clubs situated in the city City of Derry Golf Club and Foyle International Golf Centre. In recent years the city and surrounding countryside have become well known for their artistic legacy producing Nobel Prize-winning poet Seamus Heaney poet Seamus Deane playwright","supervising sound editor or ADR supervisor reviews all of the dialogue in the film and decides which lines must be re-recorded. ADR is recorded during an ADR session which takes place in a specialized sound studio. The actor usually the original actor from the set views the scene with the","1957 where he gained a MA degree in History in 1961 a second-class LLB degree in 1964 and was an editor of the \"Glasgow University Guardian\". Dewar met several future politicians at the university Dialectic Society including John Smith (who would later become leader of the Labour Party) Sir Menzies","been featured as a crimefighter in Italian Disney comics. The character of \"Super Daisy\" (\"Paperinika\" in Italian) was designed as a female counterpart to the \"Duck Avenger\" (\"Paperinik\" in Italian). While the character of the Duck Avenger was originally created to place Donald into situations where he was finally a","at the 2K resolution. Moreover 4K post production is becoming more common (Dec 2013). As projectors are replaced with 4K models the difference in resolution between digital and 35 mm film is somewhat reduced. Digital cinema servers utilize far greater bandwidth over domestic \"HD\" allowing for a difference in quality (e.g.","a year. Koontz has stated that he began using pen names after several editors convinced him that authors who switched back and forth between different genres invariably fell victim to \"negative crossover\" (alienating established fans and simultaneously failing to pick up any new ones). Known pseudonyms used by Koontz during","author and editor Ludwig Thoma lived here for two years. The town is also known for its proximity to the infamous Dachau concentration camp built in 1933 by the Nazis in which tens of thousands of prisoners died. The origin of the name is not known it possibly originated with","and Neoplatonism. John D. Turner professor of religious studies at the University of Nebraska and famed translator and editor of the Nag Hammadi library stated that the text Plotinus and his students read was Sethian Gnosticism which predates Christianity. It appears that Plotinus attempted to clarify how the philosophers of","in a letter to a Chicago newspaper editor outlining the church's basic beliefs. Smith said that his religion \"believe[s] in the same organization that existed in the primitive church viz: apostles prophets pastors teachers evangelists\". In the Community of Christ which was formerly known as the Reorganized Church of Jesus","text editor developed at Thompson's alma mater University of California Berkeley. Thompson was very familiar with qed and had reimplemented it on the CTSS and Multics systems. Thompson's versions of qed were notable as the first to implement regular expressions. Regular expressions are also implemented in ed though their implementation","radicals she was introduced to Alexander Berkman an anarchist who invited her to a public speech that evening. They went to hear Johann Most editor of a radical publication called \"Freiheit\" and an advocate of \"propaganda of the deed\"\u2014the use of violence to instigate change. She was impressed by his","\"The New Yorker\" was founded in 1925 White submitted manuscripts to it. Katharine Angell the literary editor recommended to editor-in-chief and founder Harold Ross that White be hired as a staff writer. However it took months to convince him to come to a meeting at the office and additional weeks","own words. Another way editors can improve an article is by finding a source for existing unsourced content. This is especially true if you come across statements that are potentially controversial. You do not need to be the person who added the content to add a source and citation for","Stories\" whose new editor 17-year-old Charles D. Hornig rejected it later boasting about the rejection in a fanzine. He finally submitted it to \"Amazing\" which published it beginning in January 1934 but for only half a cent a word. Shortly after it was accepted F. Orlin Tremaine the new editor","full-screen MS-DOS Editor in v6.0\u2013v8.0. Early Windows versions ran on top of the later versions of MS-DOS so Edlin was typically not available. However Edlin is included in the 32-bit versions of Windows NT and its derivatives\u2014up to and including Windows 10\u2014because the NTVDM's DOS support in those operating systems","above) form the basis of a 7-step cycle. To add 7 steps from then on simply add 1d12. \"Earthdawn\" was ranked 24th in the 1996 reader poll of \"Arcane\" magazine to determine the 50 most popular roleplaying games of all time. The UK magazine's editor Paul Pettengale commented: \"Very good","group while opponent David Davis argued in a letter to the editor of the Daily Telegraph that the current ED arrangement allowed the Conservatives to maintain suitable distance from EPP while still having influence in the largest parliamentary grouping. Conservative/EPP-ED MEP Martin Callanan responded in that paper the following day:","company to concentrate on his writing while also working part-time as assistant editor for the weekly Black and White Magazine. Eden Phillpotts maintained a steady output of three or four books a year for the next half century. He produced poetry short stories novels plays and mystery tales. Many of","practice. In 2015 a JavaScript-based proof-of-concept implementation of a rowhammer attack was described in a paper by security researchers. In 2017 a JavaScript-based attack via browser was demonstrated that could bypass ASLR. It's called \"ASLR⊕Cache\" or AnC. In addition to Web browsers and servers JavaScript interpreters are embedded in a","Commentary\" Frank E. Gaebelein editor (Grand Rapids Michigan: Zondervan Corporation 1976\u20131984) page 476. Longenecker in turn cites M.D. Gibson \"Horae Semiticae X\" (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press 1913) page 40 \"in Syriac\". Longenecker states the following in a footnote: An oblique reference to Epimenides in the context of logic appears in","a blistering letter criticizing the director which he submitted to the \"Gazette des Écoles\" signing the letter with his full name. Although the \"Gazette\"'s editor omitted the signature for publication Galois was expelled. Although his expulsion would have formally taken effect on 4 January 1831 Galois quit school immediately and","by George Lang the son of the prominent republican and Presbyterian Minister of Sydney the Reverend John Dunmore Lang. He was tried and convicted of seditious libel by a Melbourne jury on 23 January 1855 and after a series of appeals sentenced to six months imprisonment on 23 March. He","in 1885 where he had been editor of the \"Harvard Lampoon\" and a member of the theatrical society Hasty Pudding. William Randolph Hearst a friend from both activities hired Thayer as humor columnist for \"The San Francisco Examiner\" 1886\u201388. Thayer's last piece dated June 3 1888 was a ballad entitled","grayscale. However often these images are then colorized through the use of feature-detection software or simply by hand-editing using a graphics editor. This may be done to clarify structure or for aesthetic effect and generally does not add new information about the specimen. In some configurations information about several specimen","well remember the indignation it gave rise to in the B.A. Council. Hooker eventually relented and agreed to support the pension request. In 1870 a Flat-Earth proponent named John Hampden offered a £500 wager (equivalent to about £ in present-day terms) in a magazine advertisement to anyone who could demonstrate","into which compositions were grouped Fanna numbers were often used in conjunction with CE numbers. Combined Complete Edition (CE)/Fanna numbering was especially common in the work of Italian groups driving the mid-20th century revival of Vivaldi such as Gli Accademici di Milano under Piero Santi. For example the Bassoon Concerto","where a group of Manutius' friends associates and editors came together to translate Greek and Latin texts. The press was started by Manutius based on his love of classics and the need of preservation of Hellenic studies. At first the press printed new copies of Plato Aristotle and other Greek","Its contributors viewed events as less fundamental than the mental frameworks that shaped decisions and practices. Braudel was editor of \"Annales\" from 1956 to 1968 followed by the medievalist Jacques Le Goff. However Braudel's informal successor as head of the school was Le Roy Ladurie. Noting the political upheavals in","a difficult task. After several revisions for example he deemed the essay \"Psyche\" (Alcott's account of how he educated his daughters) unpublishable. Alcott also wrote a series patterned after the work of German writer Johann Wolfgang von Goethe which were eventually published in the Transcendentalists' journal \"The Dial\". Emerson wrote","with the Askesian Society. From 1803 to 1808 he was editor of the \"Annual Review\". In 1805 Aiken also became a Proprietor of the London Institution which was officially founded in 1806. He was one of the founders of the Geological Society of London in 1807 and was its honorary","European language design group in November 1959. In this capacity I was the editor of the ALGOL 60 report produced as the result of the ALGOL 60 meeting in Paris in January 1960.\" The following people attended the meeting in Paris (from 1 to 16 January): Alan Perlis gave a","mechanism used with a special APL type element. One of the early APL line terminals (line-mode operation only \"not\" full screen) was the Texas Instruments TI Model 745 (circa 1977) with the full APL character set which featured half and full duplex telecommunications modes for interacting with an APL time-sharing","current record; this syntax derives from sed which in turn inherited it from the ed editor where codice_7 is used for searching. This syntax of using slashes as delimiters for regular expressions was subsequently adopted by Perl and ECMAScript and is now quite common. The tilde operator was also adopted","editor because to generate the required characters on a standard keyboard one needs to know the alt code for each character. for example alt+178 will produce ▓ alt+177 will produce ▒ and alt+8 will produce ◘. The special text editors have sets of special characters assigned to existing keys on","stipend $7 million a year and his Saudi assets were frozen. His family publicly disowned him. There is controversy over whether and to what extent he continued to garner support from members of his family and/or the Saudi government. In June 1995 an even more ill-fated attempt to assassinate Egyptian president","in the history of bodybuilding and his legacy is commemorated in the Arnold Classic annual bodybuilding competition. He has remained a prominent face in bodybuilding long after his retirement in part because of his ownership of gyms and fitness magazines. He has presided over numerous contests and awards shows. For","on evidence gathered with the scientific method. Exemplifying this perspective a 1998 editorial co-authored by Marcia Angell a former editor of \"The New England Journal of Medicine\" argued that: It is time for the scientific community to stop giving alternative medicine a free ride. There cannot be two kinds of","1961 not only was I convinced I should never see a single line of mine in print in my lifetime but also I scarcely dared allow any of my close acquaintances to read anything I had written because I feared this would become known.\" In 1960 aged 42 he approached","from \"the worst of the \"recentiores\"\" which broke off at the end of Book 26. The next edition (Bologna 1517) suffered from its editor's \"monstrously bad conjectures\" upon the poor text of the 1474 edition; the 1474 edition was pirated for the first Froben edition (Basle 1518). It wasn't until","had purchased at low cost the most valuable of the iron ore fields around Lake Superior. The same year Carnegie became a figure of controversy. Following his tour of the UK he wrote about his experiences in a book entitled \"An American Four-in-hand in Britain\". Although actively involved in running","anticipated by the editors of the \"\" who published some selections in the twenty-seventh volume of their Scriptores (1885). Ambroise followed Richard I as a noncombatant and not improbably as a court-minstrel. He speaks as an eye-witness of the king's doings at Messina in Cyprus at the siege of Acre","work and join new networks and collaborative enterprises while taking advantage of ASU\u2019s many resources and opportunities for engagement. Changemaker Central has signature programs including Changemaker Challenge that support students in their journey to become changemakers by creating communities of support around new solutions/ideas and increasing access to early stage","he wrote numerous books Kolbe served for more than a decade as what in modern terms would be understood the senior editor of the (\"Journal of practical chemistry\" from 1870 to 1884) Kolbe was sometimes so severely critical of the work of others especially after about 1874 that some wondered","\"Macquarie Dictionary\" is used by some universities and some other organisations as a standard for Australian English spelling. The \"Style Manual: For Authors Editors and Printers\" the \"Cambridge Guide to Australian English Usage\" and the \"Australian Guide to Legal Citation\" are prominent style guides. Australian spelling is closer to British","B. Henderson and Peter G. Van Winkle\u2014voted to acquit the President. With Stevens bitterly disappointed at the result the Senate then adjourned for the Republican National Convention; Grant was nominated for president. The Senate returned on May 26 and voted on the second and third articles with identical 35\u201319 results.","assistant editor of the column from August 1903 and editor from August 1904 to May 1909 during which time he was assisted by Herbert Westbrook. After the \"Globe\"'s closure it was reestablished as a society news column in the \"Daily Express\" from 1917 onwards initially written by social correspondent Major","K6BP) and maintained technocrat.net which he closed in late 2008 because its revenues did not cover its costs. Perens is featured in the 2001 documentary film \"Revolution OS\"","as computing or subjects relating to other cultures. Information about books and authors can be stored in databases like online general-interest book databases. Metadata which means \"data about data\" is information about a book. Metadata about a book may include its title ISBN or other classification number (see above) the","of the vi text editor. He also wrote the 2000 essay \"Why the Future Doesn't Need Us\" in which he expressed deep concerns over the development of modern technologies. Joy was born in the Detroit suburb of Farmington Hills Michigan to William Joy a school vice-principal and counselor and Ruth","the tolls had fallen through when the Khedive had threatened to use military force to prevent it and had also attracted Disraeli's attention. The Khedive governed Egypt under the Ottoman Empire; as in the Crimea the issue of the Canal raised the Eastern Question of what to do about the","through May 2009 he was an editor at Cool Tools. Since October 2003 Sterling has blogged at \"Beyond the Beyond\" which is hosted by \"Wired\". His most recent novel (as of 2013) is \"Love Is Strange\" (December 2012) a Paranormal Romance (40k). He has been the instigator of three projects","women. Shortly after she was hired at Smith she went to Naismith to learn more about the game. Fascinated by the new sport and the values it could teach she organized the first women's collegiate basketball game on March 21 1893 when her Smith freshmen and sophomores played against one","the cult television program \"Twin Peaks.\" Also included in the sound team was long time Lynch collaborator Alan Splet a sound editor and designer who had won an Academy Award for his work on \"The Black Stallion\" (1979) and been nominated for \"Never Cry Wolf\" (1983). \"Blue Velvet\" premiered in","owned by shareholders. Franz Josef Popp first managing director of BMW used the brand name \"Bayerische Motorenwerke\" in contemporary advertisements. In several publications BMW is also referred to as \"Bayerische Motorenwerke\". Bayerische Motorenwerke translates into English as \"Bavarian Motor Works\"; this translation was used by BMW in the past for","\"The Beano\"'s cover changed. The logo was now more like the logo from 1972-1998 but with \"The\" inside the B much like later versions of the logo. The special \"O\"s that had appeared sometimes in the last year were also kept. The first panel of the Dennis & Gnasher strip","journal about life in a fictitious bookshop which attracted the attention of Charles Monteith an editor at the publisher Faber and Faber. As a result Faber and Faber published Aldiss' first book \"The Brightfount Diaries\" (1955) a 200-page novel in diary form about the life of a sales assistant in","books in Ireland and donate them to libraries \"thus ensuring that the books not only are bought but also read \u2014 surely a unique occurrence.\" In 1994 Guardian literary editor Richard Gott citing the lack of objective criteria and the exclusion of American authors described the prize as \"a significant and","external command called \"bashbug\" reports Bash shell bugs. When the command is invoked it brings up the user's default editor with","with verse 1:1 being a later addition. However other scholars including the editors of the \"Catholic Encyclopedia\" argue that the grammatical evidence leads us to conclude that Malachi is in fact a name. Another interpretation of the authorship comes from the Septuagint superscription ὲν χειρὶ ἀγγήλου αὐτοῦ which can be","Hayes and starred Holly Aird and Penelope Wilton as the young and adult Beatrix respectively. \"The World of Peter Rabbit and Friends\" a TV series based on her stories which starred actress Niamh Cusack as Beatrix Potter has been released on VHS by Pickwick Video and later Carlton Video. In","has led some to believe that the writer(s) or editor(s) of Second Zechariah may have been a disciple of the prophet Zechariah. There are some scholars who go even further and divide Second Zechariah into Second Zechariah (9\u201311) and Third Zechariah (12\u201314) since each begins with a heading oracle. The","Hungarian newspaper editor frustrated by the amount of time that he wasted filling up fountain pens and cleaning up smudged pages noticed that inks used in newspaper printing dried quickly leaving the paper dry and smudge free. He decided to create a pen using the same type of ink. Bíró","for jewelry. Designer Coco Chanel included Bakelite bracelets in her costume jewelry collections. Designers such as Elsa Schiaparelli used it for jewelry and also for specially designed dress buttons. Later Diana Vreeland editor of Vogue was enthusiastic about Bakelite. Bakelite was also used to make presentation boxes for Breitling watches.","programs were launched to develop a \"bikini-worthy body\". The tiny \"fitness-bikinis\" made of lycra were launched to cater to this hardbodied ideal. Movies like \"Blue Crush\" and TV reality shows like \"Surf Girls\" merged the concepts of bikini models and athletes together further accentuating the toned body ideal. Some women","The Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences named \"Alpha Centauri\" the best strategy game of the year and in 2000 \"Alpha Centauri\" won the Origins Award for \"Best Strategy Computer Game of 1999\". The editors of \"PC Gamer US\" named \"Alpha Centauri\" their \"Best Turn-Based Strategy Game\" of 1999 and","was an Austrian music publisher editor and composer. Best known in his time as a publisher he is most familiar today as the composer of the waltz on which Ludwig van Beethoven wrote his set of thirty-three \"Diabelli Variations\". Diabelli was born in Mattsee near Salzburg then in the Archbishopric","Unicode by using the \"zero-width joiner\" and \"non-joiner\" as these presentation forms are deprecated in Unicode and should generally only be used within the internals of text-rendering software when using Unicode as an intermediate form for conversion between character encodings or for backwards compatibility with implementations that rely on the","in a very special paradoxical way. His plays depend as comedy does on the vitality of the actors to make pleasurable what would otherwise be painfully awkward \u2013 inappropriate speeches missed connections \"faux pas\" stumbles childishness \u2013 but as part of a deeper pathos; the stumbles are not pratfalls but","museum. He worked with George L. Stout the founder and first editor of Technical Studies. Gettens and Stout co-authored Painting Materials: A Short Encyclopaedia in 1942 reprinted in 1966. This compendium is still cited regularly. Only a few dates and descriptions in Gettens' and Stout's book are now outdated. George","tale complain to Hitler even saying to him from the bottom of my heart 'If only you had done it brother if only it had really happened so that the world could sigh in relief [without] their evil and sin.' In an article in October 2000 columnist Adel Hammoda alleged","diminished to almost non-existence today. Their main publication was the \"Advent Herald\" of which Sylvester Bliss was the editor until his death in 1863. It was later called the \"Messiah's Herald\". The Life and Advent Union was founded by George Storrs in 1863. He had established \"The Bible Examiner\" in","you had to have more women in Congress\" she said. In their anthology \"All the Women Are White All the Blacks Are Men but Some of Us Are Brave\" editors Gloria T. Hull Patricia Bell-Scott and Barbara Smith described black feminists mobilizing \"a remarkable national response to the Anita Hill-Clarence","attracting an additional 5000 miners was underway and Douglas hastened construction of the Great North Road (commonly known now as the Cariboo Wagon Road) up the Fraser Canyon to the prospecting region around Barkerville. By the time of this gold rush the character of the colony was changing as a","city and the entire metro area. The Bronx Academy of Arts and Dance founded in 1998 by Arthur Aviles and Charles Rice-Gonzales provides dance theatre and art workshops festivals and performances focusing on contemporary and modern art in relation to race gender and sexuality. It is home to the Arthur","to the southeast on Samana Cay according to calculations made in 1986 by \"National Geographic\" writer and editor Joseph Judge based on Columbus's log. Evidence in support of this remains inconclusive. On the landfall island Columbus made first contact with the Lucayan and exchanged goods with them. The Spanish forced","for a chemical analysis. In a 1798 paper read before the Institut de France Vauquelin reported that he found a new \"earth\" by dissolving aluminium hydroxide from emerald and beryl in an additional alkali. The editors of the journal \"Annales de Chimie et de Physique\" named the new earth \"glucine\"","started working in the City financial sector at a relatively low salary though they still employed a maid. Christie's second novel \"The Secret Adversary\" (1922) featured a new detective couple Tommy and Tuppence again published by The Bodley Head. It earned her £50. A third novel again featured Poirot \"Murder","April 28 1887 by the chief editor of Paris publication \"Le Vélocipède\" Monsieur Fossier. It ran from Neuilly Bridge to the Bois de Boulogne. On July 22 1894 the Parisian magazine \"Le Petit Journal\" organized what is considered to be the world's first motoring competition from Paris to Rouen. One","in the Legislative Assembly. Mackenzie and Brown remained the closest of friends and colleagues for the rest of their lives. In 1852 Mackenzie became editor of another reformist paper the Lambton Shield. As editor Mackenzie was perhaps a little too vocal leading the paper to a lawsuit for libel against","was left with nowhere to go for help. Ginsberg was a signer of the anti-war manifesto \"A Call to Resist Illegitimate Authority\" circulated among draft resistors in 1967 by members of the radical intellectual collective RESIST. Other signers and RESIST members included Mitchell Goodman Henry Braun Denise Levertov Noam Chomsky","a revolt by Spanish miners brutally suppressed by the Spanish government. In May 1937 he wrote his first book L\u2019Envers et l\u2019Endroit \u2013 dedicated to Jean Grenier and edited by Charlot. During the war Camus joined the French Resistance cell \"Combat\" which published an underground newspaper of the same name.","Good Bargain\" (\"Der gute Handel\") and \"The Jew Among Thorns\" (\"Der Jude im Dorn\"). The middle 19th century saw continued official harassment of the Jews especially in Eastern Europe under Czarist influence. For example in 1846 80 Jews approached the governor in Warsaw to retain the right to wear their","drugs and undertook a ritual after which he proclaimed himself \"Master Therion\". He also wrote several short stories based on J.G. Frazer's \"The Golden Bough\" and a work of literary criticism \"The Gospel According to Bernard Shaw\". In December he moved to New Orleans his favourite US city before spending","Editors). They are abbreviations that consist of the initial letters or parts of words. Abbreviations have a long history created so that spelling out a whole word could be avoided. This might be done to save time and space and also to provide secrecy. Shortened words were used and initial","given by Muhammad al-Shahrastani seems to be mainly an analysis and in many places a reproduction of the Al-Shifa'. A shorter form of the work is known as the An-najat (\"Liberatio\"). The Latin editions of part of these works have been modified by the corrections which the monastic editors confess","the \"Oeuvres\" Sénarmont died in 1862 Verdet in 1866 and Léonor Fresnel in 1869 by which time only two of the three volumes had appeared. At the beginning of vol.3 (1870) the completion of the project is described in a long footnote by \"J. Lissajous.\" Not included in the \"Oeuvres\" are","news tickers or WYSIWYG editors are also known). Applets can also play media in formats that are not natively supported by the browser HTML pages may embed parameters that are passed to the applet. Hence the same applet may appear differently depending on the parameters that were passed. Examples of","screenwriter producer and editor. He is best known for his dramas \"A Little Princess\" (1995) and \"Y Tu Mamá También\" (2001) fantasy film \"Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban\" (2004) and science fiction thrillers \"Children of Men\" (2006) and \"Gravity\" (2013). Cuarón is the first Mexican director to win","an American science fiction editor alternate history requires three things: a point of divergence from the history of our world prior to the time at which the author is writing a change that would alter history as it is known and an examination of the ramifications of that change. Several","Little Hours of Prime and prayer during the day such as (Terce Sext None and Compline). Some Anglican monastic communities have a Daily Office based on that of the \"Book of Common Prayer\" but with additional antiphons and canticles etc. for specific days of the week specific psalms etc. See","writer editor cookbook author and entrepreneur. Most notably she was the food editor of \"The New York Times Magazine\" the editor of \"T Living\" a quarterly publication of \"The New York Times\" author of The Essential New York Times Cookbook which was a \"New York Times\" bestseller and co-founder and","articles are not freely available until 5 years after publication. The current editors of the \"Annals of Mathematics\" are David Gabai Charles Fefferman Nicholas M. Katz Sergiu Klainerman and Gang Tian (all from Princeton University) and Peter Sarnak (from the Institute for Advanced Study). The journal is abstracted and indexed","read with any text editor. The basic organization of a DXF file is as follows: The data format of a DXF is called a \"tagged data\" format which \"means that each data element in the file is preceded by an integer number that is called a group code. A group","years. Renaissance editors sometimes added AUC to Roman manuscripts they published giving the false impression that the Romans usually numbered their years using the AUC system. The dominant method of identifying Roman years in Roman times was to name the two consuls who held office that year. The regnal year","established in October 1990. In 2004 with the approval of Elena Bonner an annual Sakharov Prize for journalism was established for reporters and commentators in Russia. Funded by former Soviet dissident Pyotr Vins now a businessman in the USA the prize is administered by the Glasnost Defence Foundation in Moscow.","changing the view or vehicle speed were assigned to each key. The primary controller was ranked the 10th worst video game controller by IGN editor Craig Harris. An editor for \"Next Generation\" said that their non-centering joysticks \"rendered many games nearly unplayable\". David H. Ahl in 1983 described the Atari","that with its low price point the Jaguar might still compete if Atari could improve the software situation. They gave the system two out of five stars. With such a small library of games to challenge the incumbent 16-bit game consoles Jaguar's appeal never grew beyond a small gaming audience.","the Metropolitan Museum of Art and the Upper East Side and Upper West Side were developed and provided the necessary infrastructure \u2013 all to the benefit of the purses of the Tweed Ring but also ultimately to the benefit of the people of the city. According to Leo Hershkowitz in","received a Special Award from the World Science Fiction Convention \"for six decades of golden age science fiction\". That same year the Science Fiction and Fantasy Hall of Fame inducted him in its inaugural class of two deceased and two living persons along with writer Jack Williamson (also living) and","often requires minor text changes so a layout editor is required to ensure that these do not alter the sense of the text). Pierre Bourdieu's essay \"The Field of Cultural Production\" depicts the publishing industry as a \"space of literary or artistic position-takings\" also called the \"field of struggles\" which","of his grandchildren the actor Takayuki Kato and became a supporting actor in two films posthumously developed from screenplays written by Kurosawa which remained unproduced during his own lifetime Takashi Koizumi's \"After the Rain\" (1999) and Kei Kumai's \"The Sea is Watching\" (2002). From the beginning Kurosawa displayed a bold","life around (a moment of metanoia). At the American publisher's insistence Burgess allowed their editors to cut the redeeming final chapter from the U.S. version so that the tale would end on a darker note with Alex succumbing to his violent reckless nature\u2014an ending which the publisher insisted would be","\"North by Northwest\" was not storyboarded at all. After the scene was filmed the publicity department asked Hitchcock to make storyboards to promote the film and Hitchcock in turn hired an artist to match the scenes in detail. Even when storyboards were made scenes that were shot differed from them","Lee and Ditko \"ended up not being able to work together because they disagreed on almost everything cultural social historically everything they disagreed on characters...\" In successor penciler Romita Sr.'s first issue #39 (Aug. 1966) nemesis the Green Goblin discovers Spider-Man's secret identity and reveals his own to the captive","first published in 1925. Milne was an early screenwriter for the nascent British film industry writing four stories filmed in 1920 for the company Minerva Films (founded in 1920 by the actor Leslie Howard and his friend and story editor Adrian Brunel). These were \"The Bump\" starring Aubrey Smith; \"Twice","inspiration for his own anthology \"Dark Forces\". Arkham House and Derleth published \"Dark Carnival\" the first book by Ray Bradbury as well. Brian Lumley cites the importance of Derleth to his own Lovecraftian work and contends in a 2009 introduction to Derleth's work that he was \"...one of the first","and editor Rickard Berghorn is that the name \"Alhazred\" was influenced by references to two historical authors whose names were Latinized as \"Alhazen\": Alhazen ben Josef who translated Ptolemy into Arabic; and Abu 'Ali al-Hasan ibn al-Haytham who wrote about optics mathematics and physics. Ibn al-Haytham is said to have","worldwide. Toffler was an associate editor of \"Fortune\" magazine. In his early works he focused on technology and its impact which he termed \"information overload.\" In 1970 his first major book about the future \"Future Shock\" became a worldwide best-seller and has sold over 6 million copies. He and his","being used for war. Lincoln responded by establishing martial law and unilaterally suspending habeas corpus in Maryland along with sending in militia units from the North. Lincoln rapidly took control of Maryland and the District of Columbia by seizing many prominent figures including arresting 1/3 of the members of the","Tines\"; its final title was suggested by his editors. \"A Fire Upon the Deep\" shared the 1993 Hugo Award for Best Novel with \"Doomsday Book\". The book was nominated for the 1992 Nebula Award for Best Novel the 1993 John W. Campbell Memorial Award for Best Science Fiction Novel and","to the south of Java by some geographers on or near an extension of the \"Terra Australis\". As explained by Sir Henry Yule the editor of an English edition of Marco Polo\u2019s \"Travels\": \u201cSome geographers of the 16th century following the old editions which carried the travellers south-east of Java","antimilitary and ecological issues and also developed strong criticism of the indiscriminate use of science and technology. Grothendieck devoted the next three years to this group and served as the main editor of its bulletin. After leaving the IHÉS Grothendieck became a temporary professor at Collège de France for two","singer's futuristic style in music and fashion. Chanté backed out of the biopic after speaking to Diane Haughton but has expressed a willingness to do the project if \"the right production comes along and the family's behind it\". Keisha also mentioned that Aaliyah had been part of her life \"since","to be reinstated in 1922 when the club adopted a crest featuring a single cannon pointing eastwards with the club's nickname \"The Gunners\" inscribed alongside it; this crest only lasted until 1925 when the cannon was reversed to point westward and its barrel slimmed down. In 1949 the club unveiled","Parry the editor of one modern edition of \"De Amore\" quotes critic Robert Bossuat as describing \"De Amore\" as \"one of those capital works which reflect the thought of a great epoch which explains the secret of a civilization\". It may be viewed as didactic mocking or merely descriptive; in","is able to emulate other computer platforms ranging from many 8-bit systems such as the ZX Spectrum Commodore 64 Nintendo Game Boy Nintendo Entertainment System Apple II and the TRS-80. The Commodore PC-Transformer software emulated an IBM 5150 at 1 MHz in Monochrome mode. Later PC-Bridgecards were a full hardware PC","of a Russian-speaking hacker group the \"disclosure of encryption algorithms other security schemes and software vulnerabilities can be used to bypass protections for individual and corporate data\" and may have opened the gateway to new generation zero-day attacks. Hackers already used ColdFusion exploits to make off with usernames and encrypted","revision prepared by a later Byzantine editor whose","moved from Milledgeville to Atlanta in 1868. In the 1880 Census Atlanta surpassed Savannah as Georgia's largest city. Beginning in the 1880s Henry W. Grady the editor of the \"Atlanta Constitution\" newspaper promoted Atlanta to potential investors as a city of the \"New South\" that would be based upon a","he finds interesting and is not mindful of what his readership thinks. \"Dr. Slump\" is mainly a comedy series filled with puns toilet humor and sexual innuendos. But it also contained many science fiction elements; aliens anthropomorphic characters time travel and parodies of works such as Godzilla \"Star Wars\" and","laced with amphetamine. Lerner's addiction is believed to have been the result of Jacobson's practice. Lerner married eight times: Ruth Boyd (1940\u20131947) singer Marion Bell (1947\u20131949) Nancy Olson (1950\u20131957) lawyer Micheline Muselli Pozzo di Borgo (1957\u20131965) editor Karen Gundersen (1966\u20131974) Sandra Payne (1974\u20131976) Nina Bushkin (1977\u20131981) and Liz Robertson (1981\u20131986","for General Bullmoose is good for \"everybody!\"\" Bullmoose's corrupt interests were often pitted against those of the pathetic Lower Slobbovians in a classic mismatch of \"haves\" versus \"have-nots\". This character along with the Shmoos helped cement Capp's favor with the Left and would increase their outrage a decade later when","PG-13 rating so Raimi made a few cuts and was still stuck with an R rating. In response Universal turned the film over to outside film editors who cut the film to 81 minutes and another version running 87 minutes that was eventually released in theaters still with an R","as part of the AIM rebranding in 2011. However in August 2013 the \"Running Man\" once again returned. In 2014 a \"Complex\" editor called it a \"symbol of America\". In April 2015 the Running Man was officially featured in the Virgin London Marathon dressed by a person for the AOL-partnered","also insisted that all his meetings be open to all races. His visit and talks were the subject of hundreds of newspaper articles. In Boston newspaper reporters asked `Abdu'l-Bahá why he had come to America and he stated that he had come to participate in conferences on peace and that","series of well-received comedies playing variants on his standard neurotic and self-obsessed character. These include 1981's \"Modern Romance\" where Brooks played a film editor desperate to win back his ex-girlfriend (Kathryn Harrold). The film received a limited release and ultimately grossed under $3 million domestically but was well received by critics","#28 (Feb. 1960) and went on to appear in several Justice League comic series starting later that same year. By 1964 sales of Batman titles had fallen drastically. Bob Kane noted that as a result DC was \"planning to kill Batman off altogether\". In response to this editor Julius Schwartz","11:1\u201317 are scattered throughout the book; they show clear affinities with the Deuteronomists the school of writers and editors who shaped the series of history books from Judges to Kings and while it is unlikely they come directly from Jeremiah they may well have their roots in traditions about what","population who have encouraged immigration and mixed race relationships and who are promoting the Islamification of the country. This group is likely a reference to the Jews an old fascist canard. Under Griffin the BNP's website linked to other web pages that explicitly portrayed immigration as part of a Jewish","than 200 amateur boxers professional boxers and Toughman fighters died due to ring or training injuries. In 1983 editorials in the \"Journal of the American Medical Association\" called for a ban on boxing. The editor Dr. George Lundberg called boxing an \"obscenity\" that \"should not be sanctioned by any civilized","is not named: Boaz addresses him as \"Friend\" \"ploni almoni\" literally \"so and so\". The Expanded Bible's editors comment that \"the man is not named perhaps ironically because he refused to preserve Naomi\u2019s family name\". The unnamed relative was unwilling to jeopardize the inheritance of his own estate by marrying","geographies being filmed as they are they are actually Indianized by adding Bollywood actors and Hindi speaking extras to them. While immersing in Bollywood films viewers get to see their local experiences duplicated in different locations around the world. Rao states that \"Media representation can depict India's shifting relation with","at United States Air Force Plant 42 in Palmdale California where it was assembled. This viewing was heavily restricted and guests were not allowed to see the rear of the B-2. However \"Aviation Week\" editors found that there were no airspace restrictions above the presentation area and took photographs of","in 1 Samuel 9 almost certainly fixes the date of this story in the Persian or Hellenistic periods. The 6th century BC authors and editors responsible for the bulk of the history drew on many earlier sources including (but not limited to) an \"ark narrative\" (1 Samuel 4:1\u20137:1 and perhaps","authors and editors far removed from the times it depicts. The earliest parts of the book are possibly chapters 2\u201311 the story of the conquest; these chapters were later incorporated into an early form of Joshua written late in the reign of king Josiah (reigned 640\u2013609 BCE) but the book was","and heavily altered by later editors. Both the Nehemiah and Ezra material are combined with numerous lists Censuses and other material. The first edition of the combined Ezra\u2013Nehemiah may date from the early 4th century BC; further editing continued","individual with some later additions and editing. The writer was probably male probably a Levite (temple priest) and probably from Jerusalem. He was well read a skilled editor and a sophisticated theologian. His intention was to use Israel's past to convey religious messages to his peers the literary and political","events the Moscow International Film Festival awards the annual \"Andrei Tarkovsky Award\" in the years of 1993 1995 and 1997. In 1996 the Andrei Tarkovsky Museum opened in Yuryevets his childhood town. A minor planet 3345 Tarkovskij discovered by Soviet astronomer Lyudmila Georgievna Karachkina in 1982 has also been named","a reserved meaning. Over time this meaning has been co-opted and has eventually been changed. In modern use an ESC sent to the terminal usually indicates the start of a command sequence usually in the form of a so-called \"ANSI escape code\" (or more properly a \"Control Sequence Introducer\") from","the absence of Southern congressmen and senators who had opposed the measures in the 1850s. Other important legislation involved two measures to raise revenues for the Federal government: tariffs (a policy with long precedent) and a new Federal income tax. In 1861 Lincoln signed the second and third Morrill Tariff","violin sonatas the examiner stating afterward that his playing was \"remarkable and revealing of 'great insight'.\" What struck the examiner writes Botstein was that Einstein \"displayed a deep love of the music a quality that was and remains in short supply. Music possessed an unusual meaning for this student.\" Music","Dallas Mavericks and John P. Mackey CEO of Whole Foods among others have said they consider Rand crucial to their success. Rand and her works have been referred to in a variety of media: on television shows including animated sitcoms live-action comedies dramas and game shows as well as in","He kept large portraits of the pair in his office in Leipzig for the edification of his new editors. In 1814 Schopenhauer began his seminal work \"The World as Will and Representation\" (\"Die Welt als Wille und Vorstellung\"). He finished it in 1818 and Brockhaus published it that December. In","Best Original Musical is in the Academy rulebook. However due to continuous insufficient eligibility each year it has not been awarded since 1984 (when \"Purple Rain\" won). The Board of Governors meets each year and considers new award categories. To date the following proposed categories have been rejected: The Special","change in the law regarding male homosexual practices which were partly legalised in 1967 when Russell was still alive. In \"Reflections on My Eightieth Birthday\" (\"Postscript\" in his \"Autobiography\") Russell wrote: \"I have lived in the pursuit of a vision both personal and social. Personal: to care for what is","an interview. Weingarten passed the book to Watterson's parents along with a message and declared that he would wait in his hotel for as long as it took Watterson to contact him. Watterson's editor Lee Salem called the next day to tell Weingarten that the cartoonist would not be coming.","will be perhaps a very basic text editor (\"e.g.\" ed) and an assembler program. Using these tools one can write a more complex text editor and a simple compiler for a higher-level language and so on until one can have a graphical IDE and an extremely high-level programming language. Historically","rhetorical forms which cannot easily be reproduced in translation depending as they often do on the connotations of the Latin words. However unlike contemporaries such as Aldhelm whose Latin is full of difficulties Bede's own text is easy to read. In the words of Charles Plummer one of the best-known","Right' in 2012 by \"Editor & Publisher\". In December 2017 the \"Herald\" filed for bankruptcy; as of January 2018 there are multiple bidders which will require the paper to be sold at auction per the bankruptcy court. The \"Herald\" history can be traced back through two lineages the \"Daily Advertiser\"","as the Lin\u2013Kernighan heuristic. Kernighan was the software editor for Prentice Hall International. His \"Software Tools\" series spread the essence of \"C/Unix thinking\" with makeovers for BASIC FORTRAN and Pascal and most notably his \"Ratfor\" (rational FORTRAN) was put in the public domain. He has said that if stranded on","nominate great blackjack players for admission into the Blackjack Hall of Fame. Seven members were inducted in 2002 with new people inducted every year after. The Hall of Fame is at the Barona Casino in San Diego. Members include Edward O. Thorp author of the 1960s book \"Beat the Dealer\"","new books before selling them. Franklin had mixed success in his plan to establish an inter-colonial network of newspapers that would produce a profit for him and disseminate virtue. He began in Charleston South Carolina in 1731. After the second editor died his widow Elizabeth Timothy took over and made","in World War I as a shipboard radio operator as an editor of a publication and as a crash rescue boat commander. After discharge he worked again in the meat packing industry acquiring management experience. In 1917 he married Anne Hewlett. During the early 1920s he and his father-in-law developed","of present-day Iraq Syria and Turkey) and the history of the ancient exact sciences (astronomy astrology and mathematics). Many courses in the department are open to all Brown undergraduates without prerequisite and include archaeology languages history and Egyptian and Mesopotamian religions literature and science. Students concentrating (majoring) in the department","thesis): Otto Blumenthal (1898) Felix Bernstein (1901) Hermann Weyl (1908) Richard Courant (1910) Erich Hecke (1910) Hugo Steinhaus (1911) and Wilhelm Ackermann (1925). Between 1902 and 1939 Hilbert was editor of the \"Mathematische Annalen\" the leading mathematical journal of the time. Around 1925 Hilbert developed pernicious anemia a then-untreatable vitamin","civic events and was promoted to City Editor after about two years. He also started writing a weekly humor column for the paper and began to develop his unique style. He remained at the newspaper through 1974. He then worked briefly as a copy editor at the Associated Press's Philadelphia","regular appearances on \"The Glazov Gang\" an internet political talk show hosted by Jamie Glazov","including Democrats such as former U.S. House Speaker Tip O'Neill and California Governor Jerry Brown. Strips about America's wars have also generated controversy including Vietnam Grenada Panama and both Gulf Wars. After many letter-writing campaigns demanding the removal of the strip were unsuccessful conservatives changed their tactics and instead of","the abundance of knowledge within each subject area. Everyone would benefit from these insights. Diderot's work however was mired in controversy from the beginning; the project was suspended by the courts in 1752. Just as the second volume was completed accusations arose regarding seditious content concerning the editor's entries on","and as 𐐿𐐫𐐻 () in the case of Scottish English. For those exhibiting both mergers both would be written 𐐿𐐪𐐻 (). There have been several published versions of the alphabet. Most versions (including the versions used in \"The Deseret First Book\" \"The Deseret Second Book\" \"The Deseret News\" and \"The","department (later head of serials) Donald Wilson and staff writer C. E. Webber. Writer Anthony Coburn story editor David Whitaker and initial producer Verity Lambert also heavily contributed to the development of the series. The programme was originally intended to appeal to a family audience as an educational programme using","mail K3b disc burner VLC media player GIMP image editor and Evince document viewer. Debian is a popular choice for web servers (cf. LAMP). Debian supports Linux officially offered kFreeBSD for version 7 but not 8 and GNU Hurd unofficially. GNU/kFreeBSD was released as a technology preview for IA-32 and","of students and has over 60000 living alumni in a variety of fields. Nelson A. Rockefeller 41st Vice President of the United States and 49th Governor of New York graduated \"cum laude\" from Dartmouth with a degree in economics in 1930. Over 164 Dartmouth graduates have served in the United","Brubeck's children often joined him in concerts and in the recording studio. Brubeck believed that what he saw during his time as a soldier in World War II contradicted the Ten Commandments and the war evoked a spiritual awakening. He became a Catholic in 1980 shortly after completing the Mass","or changing of the proverbs. An expurgated children's version under the title \"The Story of Don Quixote\" was published in 1922 (available on Project Gutenberg). It leaves out the risqué sections as well as chapters that young readers might consider dull and embellishes a great deal on Cervantes's original text.","it. \"The overwhelming majority\" notes \"BBS\" editor Stevan Harnad \"still think that the Chinese Room Argument is dead wrong.\" The sheer volume of the literature that has grown up around it inspired Pat Hayes to comment that the field of cognitive science ought to be redefined as \"the ongoing research","did well digging typing and journalism as well as contributing a column to \"The Auburn Journal\" and sometimes worked as its night editor. One of Smith's artistic patrons and frequent correspondents was San Francisco businessman Albert M. Bender. At the beginning of the Depression in 1929 with his aged parents'","able to draw a larger strip I don't expect to see it happen again any time soon. In the newspaper business space is money and I suspect most editors would still say that the difference is not worth the cost. Sadly the situation is a vicious circle: because there's no","did not complete a number of books. In 1888 President Grover Cleveland appointed him to the Assay Commission. From 1890 on he had a friend and admirer in Judge Francis C. Russell of Chicago who introduced Peirce to editor Paul Carus and owner Edward C. Hegeler of the pioneering American","technology and games trade show Telespiele. In Poland it was included in the retrospective lists of the best Amiga games by Wirtualna Polska (ranked ninth) and \"CHIP\" (ranked fifth). In 2012 \"Time\" named it one of the 100 greatest video games of all time. In 1994 \"PC Gamer US\" named","1869\u201372 (ed. viii). The edition of 1849 may be regarded as historically the most important from the mass of new critical material it used; that of 1859 is distinguished from Tischendorf's other editions by coming nearer to the received text; in the eighth edition the testimony of the Sinaitic manuscript","the current \"Good Beer Guide\" editor Roger Protz. On 31 March 2016 founder Michael Hardman returned to chair a Revitalisation Project Steering Group. The aim of the Revitalisation Project is to review the organisation's purpose. Consultation meetings took place in the spring and summer of 2016 and further discussion took","Through the Looking-Glass\" (2014) and \"A Christmas Carol\" (which won the 2012 award for Cornish Language books) as well as original Cornish literature such as ' (\"The Lyonesse Stone\") by Craig Weatherhill. Literature aimed at children is also available such as ' (\"Where's Spot?\") ' (\"The Beast of Bodmin Moor\")","University Law School she graduated second in the class of 1907. Social work pioneer and journal editor Paul Kellogg offered Eastman her first job investigating labor conditions for The Pittsburgh Survey sponsored by the Russell Sage Foundation. Her report \"Work Accidents and the Law\" (1910) became a classic and resulted","Malory's own editor William Caxton who preferred a Welsh location. The Lancelot-Grail Cycle and the texts it influenced depict the city of Camelot as standing along a river downstream from Astolat. It is surrounded by plains and forests and its magnificent cathedral St. Stephen's is the religious centre for Arthur's","Percival Davis a book intended as a \"scientific brief for creationism\" to use as a supplement to public high school biology textbooks. Thaxton was enlisted as the book's editor and the book received publishing support from the FTE. Prior to its release the 1987 Supreme Court ruling in \"Edwards v.","the other hand is the Ellesmere Manuscript a manuscript whose order and many editors have followed even down to the present day. The first version of \"The Canterbury Tales\" to be published in print was William Caxton's 1476 edition. Only 10 copies of this edition are known to exist including","age 34 in Levittown New York. Scheduled to meet with Bob Mills in New York City to interview for the position of editor of \"The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction\" Kornbluth had to shovel snow from his driveway which delayed him. Running to meet his train he suffered a","and allowed the teaching that God either could not or would not raise those who had no covenant relationship with him. Opinions vary as to what the established position was on this subject prior to the controversy. Prominent in the formation of the Unamended fellowship was Thomas Williams editor of","his Captain America identity in favor of one called Nomad emphasizing the word's meaning as \"man without a country\". During this time several men unsuccessfully assume the Captain America identity. Rogers eventually re-assumes it after coming to consider that the identity could be a symbol of American ideals and not","growth of world cinema. Jacques Rivette replaced Rohmer as editor in 1963 shifted political and social concerns and paid more attention to the non-Hollywood cinema. The style moved through literary modernism in the early 1960s to radicalism and dialectical materialism by 1970. Moreover during the mid-1970s the magazine was run","Agency. An internal CIA report entitled \"Managing a Nightmare\" shows the agency used \"a ground base of already productive relations with journalists\" to counter what it called \"a genuine public relations crisis.\" In the 1980s Douglas Farah worked as a journalist covering the civil wars in Central America for the","(Hudson New York) May 13 1806; editor Harry Croswell answered the question \"What is a cocktail?\": Etymologist Anatoly Liberman endorses as \"highly probable\" the theory advanced by Låftman (1946) which Liberman summarizes as follows: In his book \"Imbibe!\" (2007) David Wondrich also speculates that \"cocktail\" is a reference to a","a writer and editor. He was raised in a \"middle-class progressive Jewish family\". His father was born in Baltimore Maryland and his mother was born in Toronto; all of his grandparents were from Lithuania. He began writing as a child and wrote constantly. He attended high school at Harbord Collegiate","characters that have supernatural and omnipotent qualities. They can be seen as physical manifestations of various different concepts such as hatred or fear. Examples of these characters are The Man Inside the Planet from \"Eraserhead\" Bob from \"Twin Peaks\" The Mystery Man from \"Lost Highway\" The Bum in \"Mulholland Drive\"","of law at Santa Clara University and a contributing editor for \"Liberty\" magazine. He is an atheist. His son Patri Friedman has also written about libertarian theory and market anarchism particularly seasteading. In his book \"The Machinery of Freedom\" (1973) Friedman sketched a form of anarcho-capitalism where all goods and","allowed to copy data from other frames so they require much more data than other frames nearby. It is possible to build a computer-based video editor that spots problems caused when I frames are edited out while other frames need them. This has allowed newer formats like HDV to be","personal computer as being a modelling device. The video of his keynote speech is archived on Channel 9. Adams was also a keynote speaker for the April 2001 Embedded Systems Conference in San Francisco one of the major technical conferences on embedded system engineering. Adams moved to Upper Street Islington","\"Vanity Fair\" and the \"Hollywood Spectator\". In 1934 Trumbo was hired as managing editor of the \"Hollywood Spectator.\" Later he left the magazine to become a reader in the story department at Warner Bros. studio. His first published novel was \"Eclipse\" (1935) released during the Great Depression. Writing in the","reported on. Knuth was one of the founding editors of the \"Engineering and Science Review\" which won a national award as best technical magazine in 1959. He then switched from physics to mathematics and in 1960 he received his bachelor of science degree simultaneously being given a master of science","players and a more complex game for experienced ones; the \"Basic Set\" directed players who exhausted the possibilities of that game to switch to the advanced rules. As a result of this parallel development the basic game included many rules and concepts which contradicted comparable ones in \"AD&D\". John Eric","bestseller list for one hundred weeks consecutively. Some of the initial strongest supporters of Dianetics in the 1950s were John W. Campbell editor of Astounding Science Fiction and Joseph Augustus Winter a writer and medical physician. Campbell published some of Hubbard's short stories and Winter hoped that his colleagues would","the editors of the \"Handbook of African Languages\" introduced the term \"dialect cluster\". Dialect clusters were treated as classificatory units at the same level as languages. A similar situation but with a greater degree of mutual unintelligibility has been termed a \"language cluster\". In many societies however a particular dialect","(Wolf Koenig and Roman Kroitor) are all frequently deemed cinéma vérité films. The fundamentals of the style include following a person during a crisis with a moving often handheld camera to capture more personal reactions. There are no sit-down interviews and the shooting ratio (the amount of film shot to","the Tentacle\" the 46th best computer game ever. In June 1994 it and \"\" won \"Computer Gaming World\"s Adventure Game of the Year award. The editors stated that \"\"Day of the Tentacle\"s fluid animation sequences underscore a strong script and solid game play ... story won out over technological innovation","and rearranging it in random order Balch had an editor cut his footage for the documentary into little pieces and impose no control over its reassembly. The film opened at Oxford Street\u2019s Cinephone cinema and had a disturbing reaction. Many audience members claimed the film made them ill others demanded","contributors was nominated for two 2016 World Fantasy Awards. In May 2017 Chaosium appointed award-winning author and editor James Lowder as executive editor of fiction. Lowder had previously served as a consultant for Chaosium helping the company and freelancers resolve payment and contract problems with past fiction projects. Although not","proofreading assistant in 1908 and quickly climbed to the position of editor. He continued to work at the OUP in various positions of increasing responsibility until his death in 1945. One of his greatest editorial achievements was the publication of the first major English-language edition of the works of Søren","Canadian Dictionary\". Its fifth edition was printed beginning in 1997. Gage was acquired by Thomson Nelson around 2003. The latest editions were published in 2009 by HarperCollins. On 17 March 2017 coinciding with the 57th anniversary of founding editor Charles J. Lovell's passing a second edition of DCHP was presented","cause offence and bemusement not just at home but among friendly countries abroad.\u201d On 15 August 2013 Channel 4 aired a 45-minute documentary on One Direction and their fans dubbed as \"Directioners\". Following the airing fans across the world complained on social media about the documentary arguing that this was","of his mirth.\" In 1860 he became editor of \"Vanity Fair\" a humorous New York weekly which proved a failure. About the same time he began to appear as a lecturer and by his droll and eccentric humor attracted large audiences. In 1863 Browne came as Artemus Ward to San","editor's cut and the final cut can come any number of fine cuts including the director's cut. The director's cut may include unsatisfactory takes a preliminary soundtrack a lack of desired pick-up shots etc. which the director would not like to be shown but uses as a placeholder until satisfactory","not treason. In \"Texas v. White\" the United States Supreme Court ruled \u2013 by a 5\u20133 majority \u2013 that Texas had remained a state ever since it first joined the Union despite claims that it joined the Confederate States of America. In this case the court held that the Constitution","were no longer able to live together openly although their relationship continued for another five years. In 1912 she married Henry de Jouvenel the editor of \"Le Matin\". A daughter Colette de Jouvenel nicknamed \"Bel-Gazou\" was born in 1913. During the war she devoted herself to journalism but marriage allowed","if the user uses a disk editor to edit the file names in the directory entries. User applications however will usually not allow the user to create multiple files with the same name but differing in case. Most computers organize files into hierarchies using folders directories or catalogs. The concept","producer Norman Lear and director Rob Reiner. The book debuted on \"The New York Times Best Seller list\". On 13 December 2012 \"The Hollywood Reporter\" announced that Elwes would be making his directorial debut in an independent film about the life of Kit Lambert manager of the iconic rock group","Clinton High School where he was nominated for academic excellence and was the art editor of the school's magazine \"The Magpie\". He was a member of the Arista - National Honor Society and also studied drawing and anatomy at the Saturday school of the National Academy of Art . In","to \"Judge\" magazine and then started having success submitting to the Minneapolis-based \"Calgary Eye-Opener\" a racy men's cartoon magazine of the era. He was eventually hired as editor and scripted and drew most of the contents while continuing to sell occasional work to other magazines. His salary of 90 dollars","he joked to fellow guest Piers Morgan that the \"Daily Mirror\" was now thanks to Morgan (then its editor) almost as good as \"The Sun\". When asked by Morgan \"What do you know about editing newspapers?\" he swiftly replied \"About as much as you do.\" In 2005 he presented the","to \"Long\" John Wentworth editor of the \"Chicago Democrat\". It is canonized with the \"Bible\" the \"Book of Mormon\" the \"Doctrine & Covenants\" and \"Pearl of Great Price\" as part of the standard works of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Creedal works include: Whether Judaism is creedal","Economics Department that was responsible for the economy as a whole one for machine building one for the chemical industry etc. The party abolished these departments to remove itself from the day-to-day management of the economy in favour of government bodies and a greater role for the market as a","the Choctaw language and asked the Senate floor which was better understood Latin or Choctaw. Midway through the Great Irish Famine (1845\u20131849) the Choctaw agency at Fort Smith Arkansas organised a collection which amounted to $170 and sent it to help starving Irish men women and children. The Arkansas Intelligencer","secures a job at the \"Daily Planet\" following the death of his foster parents. While he quickly gains the respect of \"Planet\" editor Perry White he is forced to contend with rival reporter Lois Lane who often uses trickery to prevent Clark from pursuing a lead (giving her the chance","explain it. A modern-day scholar Reuvein Margolies suggests that as the Mishnah was redacted after the Bar Kochba revolt its editors were reluctant to include explicit discussion of a holiday celebrating another relatively recent revolt against a foreign ruler for fear of antagonizing the Romans. The Gemara (Talmud) in tractate","example if fluid circulation within the cell becomes significantly altered. Recombination of hydrogen and oxygen within the calorimeter would also alter the heat distribution and invalidate the calibration. The ISI identified cold fusion as the scientific topic with the largest number of published papers in 1989 of all scientific disciplines.","and text editors that can be combined together to accomplish a task; or they may form an integrated development environment (IDE) which combines much or all of the functionality of such self-contained tools. IDEs may do this by either invoking the relevant individual tools or by re-implementing their functionality in","declares that the king is \u201cinviolable\u201d and a Ministry of Interior directive conforming to the defamation law reiterates these limits and prohibits publishers and editors from disseminating stories that insult or defame government leaders and institutions. The continued criminalization of defamation and disinformation and a broad interpretation of criminal incitement","did not accede to Bennett's accusation of racism Morris likened Amis to the Muslim cleric Abu Hamza (who was jailed for inciting racial hatred in 2006) suggesting that both men employ \"mock erudition vitriol and decontextualised quotes from the Qu'ran\" to incite hatred. Morris served as script editor for the","of HTML documents or text editors used by authors of HTML documents will be able to render all HTML characters. Most modern software is able to display most or all of the characters for the user's language and will draw a box or other clear indicator for characters they cannot","highlighting and so on) are often handled by the source code editor but the content aspects reflect the programmer's talent and skills. Various visual programming languages have also been developed with the intent to resolve readability concerns by adopting non-traditional approaches to code structure and display. Integrated development environments (IDEs)","using distinctive copying errors as apomorphies. This differs from traditional historical-comparative linguistics in enabling the editor to evaluate and place in genetic relationship large groups of manuscripts with large numbers of variants that would be impossible to handle manually. It also enables parsimony analysis of contaminated traditions of transmission that","Sword\" appeared in \"Weird Tales\" cover-dated December 1932. Editor Farnsworth Wright subsequently prompted Howard to write an 8000-word essay for personal use detailing \"the Hyborian Age\" the fictional setting for Conan. Using this essay as his guideline Howard began plotting \"The Tower of the Elephant\" a new Conan story that was","resolved in early 1971 and the last black and white episode was broadcast on 8 February 1971. Episode 5191 originally broadcast on 7 January 2002 was the first to be broadcast in widescreen format. \"Coronation Street\" was the last British soap to make the switch to 16:9 (\"Take the High","Sir Arthur Conan Doyle learned of the photographs from the editor of the spiritualist publication \"Light\". Doyle had been commissioned by \"The Strand Magazine\" to write an article on fairies for their Christmas issue and the fairy photographs \"must have seemed like a godsend\" according to broadcaster and historian Magnus","and articles and was author co-author or editor of more than 20 books. He wrote many popular science books such as \"The Dragons of Eden\" \"Broca's Brain\" and \"Pale Blue Dot\" and narrated and co-wrote the award-winning 1980 television series \"\". The most widely watched series in the history of","governments. Khrushchev held power for another two years. The enormity of how close the world came to thermonuclear war impelled Krushchev to propose a far-reaching easing of tensions with the US. In a letter to President Kennedy dated 30 October 1962 Kurshchev outlined a range of bold initiatives to forestall","further in their condemnation. The Catholic editor Paul Harkins wrote that St. John Chrysostom's anti-Jewish theology \"is no longer tenable (..) For these objectively unchristian acts he cannot be excused even if he is the product of his times.\" John Chrysostom held as most Church Fathers did that the sins","months. Cincinnati's expulsion from the National League incensed \"Cincinnati Enquirer\" sports editor O. P. Caylor who made two attempts to form a new league on behalf of the receivers for the now bankrupt Reds franchise. When these attempts failed he formed a new independent ballclub known as the Red Stockings","of reading time and 10 minutes of writing time. However since both the computer and the drive can easily be reprogrammed third parties quickly wrote more efficient firmware that would speed up drive operations drastically. Without hardware modifications some \"fast loader\" utilities managed to achieve speeds of up to 4","life. He was hired by the French publishing company Éditions du Seuil as editor of the series \"Petite Planète\" (\"Small World\"). This collection devoted one edition to each country and included information and photographs. In 1949 Marker published his first novel \"Le Coeur net\" (\"The Forthright Spirit\") which was about","baseball's \"modern era\". In 1999 88 years after his final major league appearance and 44 years after his death editors at \"The Sporting News\" ranked Young 14th on their list of \"Baseball's 100 Greatest Players\". That same year baseball fans named him to the Major League Baseball All-Century Team. Young's","liberalism every week starting in 1865 under the influential editor E.L. Godkin (1831\u20131902). The ideas of classical liberalism remained essentially unchallenged until a series of depressions thought to be impossible according to the tenets of classical economics led to economic hardship from which the voters demanded relief. In the words","in 1978 a similar mainframe COBOL program sample would have been submitted through JCL very likely using a punch card reader and 80 column punch cards. The listing below \"with an empty DATA DIVISION\" was tested using GNU/Linux and the System/370 Hercules emulator running MVS 3.8J. The JCL written in","Avco Everett he met Arthur R. Kantrowitz (later of the Foresight Institute). In 1972 Bova became editor of \"Analog Science Fact & Fiction\" after John W. Campbell's death in 1971. At \"Analog\" Bova won six Hugo Awards for Best Professional Editor. Bova served as the science advisor for the television","film and gave it good advanced reviews. Hopper wrote negatively about it calling the film a \"vicious and irresponsible attack on a great man\" and criticizing its corny writing and old fashioned photography. \"Friday\" magazine ran an article drawing point-by-point comparisons between Kane and Hearst and documented how Welles had","schools developed into universities (see University of Oxford University of Paris and University of Bologna.) The traditional medieval universities\u2014evolved from Catholic and Protestant church schools\u2014then established specialized academic structures for properly educating greater numbers of students as professionals. Prof. Walter Rüegg editor of \"A History of the University in Europe\"","became chief copy editor of the business section of \"The Times\" and then deputy national news editor of the business section of \"The Independent\". He left journalism in 1987 three years after the birth of his third child. Bryson started writing independently and in 1990 their fourth child Samuel was","Jerusalem at 250000. However a better estimate based on State Department and Israeli sources put the figure at about 500000. NPR then issued a correction. Chuck Holmes foreign editor for NPR Digital said \"I'm surprised and displeased and it","psychiatrists receiving responses from 2417 of whom 1189 said Goldwater was mentally incapable of holding the office of president. Most of the other respondents declined to diagnose Goldwater because they had not clinically interviewed him but claimed that although not psychologically unfit to preside Goldwater would be negligent and egregious","not turn the Arab off his land or invade his political and social rights\". Responding to Curzon in January 1919 Balfour wrote \"Weizmann has never put forward a claim for the Jewish Government of Palestine. Such a claim in my opinion is clearly inadmissible and personally I do not think","there was some criticism of Corbett's actions he was largely considered a hero by the public and press. One newspaper editor declared that Corbett would \"live as one of the World's great avengers.\" For his part in Booth's capture Corbett received a portion of the $100000 reward money amounting to","act ought to be painful per Psalms 44:23. Regarding an adult circumcision pain is ideal but not mandatory. In a letter to the editor published in \"The New York Times\" on January 3 1998 Rabbi Moshe David Tendler disagrees with the above and writes \"It is a biblical prohibition to","in NBC's nightly lineup after \"The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson\" and \"Late Night with David Letterman\" was something of a break from the typical TV talk show format of the era featuring Costas and a single guest conversing for the entire half hour without a band opening monologue or","continue to be used in media appliances such as the Edirol DV-7 video editors from Roland Corporation which run on top of a modified BeOS and the TuneTracker radio automation software that used to run it on BeOS and Zeta and it was also sold as a \"Station-in-a-Box\" with the","from the Prayer of Consecration as had been the belief since the mid-second century as stated in the Consecration Prayers. Although fully aware of this Cranmer demonstrated his opposition to ancient practice (The Study of Liturgy Editors Jones Wainwright Yarnold SJ and Bradshaw Revised Edition 1992 p. 101-105) by omitting","to do so could have serious consequences. In the words of Geoffrey Crowther then editor of The Economist \"If the economic relationships between nations are not by one means or another brought fairly close to balance then there is no set of financial arrangements that can rescue the world from","establishment but preserving the principles of humaneness and righteousness at its core. Traditionally Confucius was thought to be the author or editor of the Five Classics which were the basic texts of Confucianism. The scholar Yao Xinzhong allows that there are good reasons to believe that Confucian classics took shape","Lockhart. He was a descendant of Richard Warren a Mayflower Pilgrim who signed the Mayflower Compact. Charles Tupper Sr. (1794\u20131881) was the co-pastor of the local Baptist church. He had been ordained as a Baptist minister in 1817 and was editor of \"Baptist Magazine\" 1832-1836. He was an accomplished Biblical","published a book called \"The Living Authors of England\" with a chapter on Charles Dickens who was not amused by what Powell had written. One item that seemed to have annoyed him was the assertion that he had based the character of Paul Dombey (\"Dombey and Son\") on Thomas Chapman","479 BC) was a Chinese teacher editor politician and philosopher of the Spring and Autumn period of Chinese history. The philosophy of Confucius also known as Confucianism emphasized personal and governmental morality correctness of social relationships justice and sincerity. His followers competed successfully with many other schools during the Hundred","she will not allowed to be sealed to another man. She can be married by law but not sealed in the temple. In 1870 the Utah Territory had become one of the first polities to grant women the right to vote\u2014a right which the U.S. Congress revoked in 1887 as","of child sex abuse for example Robert Waddington. A complainant known only as \"Joe\" tried for decades to have action taken over sadistic sex abuse which Garth Moore perpetrated against him in 1976 when \"Joe\" was 15 years old. None of the high ranking clergy who \"Joe\"","experienced enthusiasts. In 1985 Steve Knutson \u2013 editor of the National Speleological Society (NSS) publication \"American Caving Accidents\" \u2013 made the following distinction: This sentiment is exemplified by bumper stickers and T-shirts displayed by some cavers: \"Cavers rescue spelunkers\". Nevertheless outside the caving community \"spelunking\" and \"spelunkers\" predominately remain neutral terms referring","paleontologist Henry Gee a senior editor at the journal \"Nature\" as possible evidence that \"in geological terms makes it more likely that stories of other mythical human-like creatures such as yetis are founded on grains of truth.\" \"Cryptozoology\" Gee says \"can come in from the cold.\" However cryptozoology is widely","the first quarter of the 20th century most cartoonists have used a group of assistants (with usually one of them credited). However quite a few cartoonists (e.g.: George Herriman and Charles Schulz among others) have done their strips almost completely by themselves; often criticizing the use of assistants for the","had neglected to include the element in his schema. Laney the editor of \"The Acolyte\" had categorized the Mythos in an essay that first appeared in the Winter 1942 issue of the magazine. Impressed by the glossary Derleth asked Laney to rewrite it for publication in the Arkham House collection","editor and Nancy Fraser a former co-editor.","editor assemble a longer sequence. For this reason editors choose cutaway shots related to the main action such as another action or object in the same location. For example if the main shot is of a man walking down an alley possible cutaways may include a shot of a cat","senior editor of \"Freud at 150: 21st Century Essays on a Man of Genius\" \"[suppose that]...I'm a cross-dresser and I don't want to keep it confined to my circle of friends or my party circle and I want to take that to my wife and I don't understand why she","believed the patient acquired the disease from a surgical instrument at a podiatrist's office. In September 2013 another patient in Manchester was posthumously determined to have died of the disease. The patient had undergone brain surgery at Catholic Medical","Stories. The term was picked up by Gardner Dozois editor of Isaac Asimov's Science Fiction Magazine and popularized in his editorials. Bethke says he was made two lists of words one for technology one for troublemakers and experimented with combining them variously into compound words consciously attempting to coin a","Shub-Niggurath \"miniature\" (it is at least 6x4 squares). It is expected for those miniatures to remain in the Reaper Miniatures catalogue after the Kickstarter project finishes. \"Call of Cthulhu\" was ranked 1st in the 1996 reader poll of \"Arcane\" magazine to determine the 50 most popular roleplaying games of all","Brewster's persistent efforts. Although Brewster's own discoveries were important they were not his only service to science. He began writing in 1799 as a regular contributor to the \"Edinburgh Magazine\" of which he acted as editor at the age of twenty. In 1807 he undertook the editorship of the newly","editions of the classification system and oversaw the revisions of all editions until his death in 1931. May Seymour became editor in 1891 and served until her death in 1921. She was followed by Dorcas Fellows who was editor until her death in 1938. Constantin J. Mazney edited the 14th","then\u2014the silver quarter-shekel which Saul's servant offers to Samuel in 1 Samuel 9 \"almost certainly fixes the date of the story in the Persian or Hellenistic period\". The authors and editors of Samuel drew on many earlier sources including for their history of David the \"history of David's rise\" (1","of Books\". The book was soon pulled from publication after allegations of plagiarism were made on amazon.com and sent to the publisher. An editor denied the claims which did not specify what material was allegedly plagiarized. \"Historia Discordia\" was compiled by Adam Gorightly with foreword by Robert Anton Wilson. It","Ducati has also won the manufacturer world championship for years 1991\u20131996 1998\u20132004 2006 2008\u20132009 and 2011. Ducati has also won the manufacturers' championship for years 2008\u20132009 2011 and 2016. The British Superbike Championship has been won by Ducati riders on nine occasions and entered since 1988: In the AMA Superbike","editor in a theatre opera or film company that researches selects adapts edits and interprets scripts libretti texts and printed programs (or helps others with these tasks) consults with authors and does public relations work. Its modern-day function was originated by the innovations of Gotthold Ephraim Lessing an 18th-century German","a networked practice among users of the software. Winer was named a Seybold Fellow in 1997 to assist the executives and editors that comprised the Seybold Institute in ensuring \"the highest quality and topicality\" in their educational program the Seybold Seminars; the honour was bestowed for his \"pioneering work in","felt that the team's \"sin\" was their inconsistent display of a trustable \"human AI\". The game was developed on systems including dual-processor Pentium Pro 200s and Athlon 800s with eight and nine gigabyte hard drives some using SCSI. The team used \"more than 100 video cards\" throughout development. \"Deus Ex\"","aspect of \"Doom\". Gaining the first large mod-making community \"Doom\" affected the culture surrounding first-person shooters and also the industry. Several future professional game designers started their careers making \"Doom\" WADs as a hobby among them Tim Willits who later became the lead designer at id Software. The first level","able to create their own levels or maps using the level editor bundled with the game which was also used by the developers to design the initial levels. The game also features co-operative play co-op which allows players to complete the story based single player mode together. In \"Duke Nukem","et al. v. Reno\" which went to the US Supreme Court. As \"Donny the Punk\" Donaldson was already a respected writer and personality in the punk and anti-racist skinhead subcultures. He had published in punk zines such as \"Maximum RocknRoll\" \"Flipside\" and \"J.D.s\". In the mid-1980s Donny was the chief","meaning) opens the way to a realization of the noble dreams of socialism; to identify social law with moral law and to disprove ideas which in the minds of many cloud grand and elevating perceptions.\" After the rise of the 'neoclassical' school Ricardo's influence declined temporarily. It was Piero Sraffa","were published. Lutz was also the former editor of the now defunct \"Quarterly Review of Doublespeak\" which examines ways that jargon has polluted the public vocabulary with phrases words and usages of words designed to obscure the meaning of plain English. His book \"Beyond Nineteen Eighty-Four\" consists of 220 pages","cut. In the scene after Muffley takes a pie in the face General Turgidson exclaims: \"Gentlemen! Our gallant young president has been struck down in his prime!\" Editor Anthony Harvey stated that the scene \"would have stayed except that Columbia Pictures were horrified and thought it would offend the president's","and trade unions for Germany's defeat in World War I which came out during the trial of Adolf Hitler and Ludendorff for high treason following the Beer Hall Putsch in 1923. The editor of an SPD newspaper sued the journal for defamation giving rise to what is known as the \"Munich","the MacArthur Bridge accessing Belle Isle Park (the largest island park in a U.S. city). The riverfront includes Tri-Centennial State Park and Harbor Michigan's first urban state park. The second phase is a extension from Hart Plaza to the Ambassador Bridge for a total of of parkway from bridge to","vague and ambiguous. Since there are no punctuation marks in Classical Chinese it can be difficult to conclusively determine where one sentence ends and the next begins. Moving a full-stop a few words forward or back or inserting a comma can","is primarily concerned with the signs and symptoms of mental disorders rather than the underlying causes. It claims to collect them together based on statistical or clinical patterns. As such it has been compared to a naturalist's field guide to birds with similar advantages and disadvantages. The lack of a","Health Council in New York City and other organizations. In 1957 the \"New York Times\" reported an unsuccessful struggle to restrict DDT use in Nassau County New York and the issue came to the attention of the popular naturalist-author Rachel Carson. William Shawn editor of \"The New Yorker\" urged her"],"title":["Gonzo journalism","GIMP","Book of Genesis","Gothic fiction","Gary Snyder","Geoffrey Chaucer","George Cukor","Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel","Giacomo Puccini","Gunpowder","Gospel","George Frideric Handel","Gary North (economist)","GIF","Golden Heroes","Edgar Allan Poe","Encyclopædia Britannica","Edmund Husserl","Emancipation Proclamation","Ernest Hemingway","Eta","The Downward Spiral","Enya","Ellipsis","Existentialism","Longest word in English","E. E. Cummings","Wikipedia:Free On-line Dictionary of Computing/T - W","Fudge (role-playing game system)","Frank Capra","Finance","Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within","Figure skating","Fortran","Free Methodist Church","Feminist science fiction","Federal Bureau of Investigation","Freeciv","Fanzine","Fascism","Frank Herbert","Film crew","Fractal","Fahrenheit 451","Four color theorem","Francis Scott Key","Franz Kafka","Frederick Douglass","Fritz Leiber","Finagle's law","Fred Hoyle","Frankfurt","HTML","Help:Editing","Wikipedia:Redirect","Howard Hawks","History of Germany","Grindcore","Global warming controversy","George Fox","GNU Hurd","Henry Mayhew","Telecommunications in Ghana","Godzilla","Terror of Mechagodzilla","GURPS","Politics of Guinea","Greenland","Telecommunications in Gabon","King Kong vs. Godzilla","Graffiti","Film genre","FidoNet","Fashion","File manager","Father Christmas","File viewer","Fantastic Four","Food writing","Friedrich Hayek","Fundamentalism","Fandom","Persian language","Futurians","Fyodor Dostoyevsky","Franz Boas","Forrest J Ackerman","Frederik Pohl","Finlandization","George Orwell","G. E. Moore","Farmer Giles of Ham","Fred Singer","George Lucas","Functional decomposition","History of geometry","Filippo Tommaso Marinetti","George Eliot","Gone with the Wind (novel)","Gary Gygax","George S. Kaufman","Gotham City","George Bernard Shaw","Gilbert Arthur à Beckett","Wikipedia:Naming conventions (Polish rulers)","Gordon Brown","Garfield","Gilbert and Sullivan","Gerrymandering","EastEnders","Ed Sullivan","Erwin Schrödinger","Edmund Burke","Edsger W. Dijkstra","ETA (separatist group)","Elias Boudinot","Epistolary novel","Film editing","Filk music","Frank Zappa","Cinema of the United Kingdom","Friedrich Nietzsche","Free software","Fair use","Formalist film theory","François Truffaut","Cinema of the Soviet Union","Francis Ford Coppola","Damon Runyon","DC Comics","Ethics","Dying Earth","Euclid","The Evil Dead","ECHELON","Esperanto","Encyclopedia","Editor war","Exile (1995 video game series)","Enid Blyton","Edward Bulwer-Lytton","E. H. Shepard","Emacs Lisp","Emperor Tenmu","EverQuest","Ethnologue","Eve Arden","Enrico Fermi","E-Prime","Gladiator","Grover Cleveland","George R. R. Martin","Gustav Klimt","Gospel of Barnabas","Guy de Maupassant","A Song of Ice and Fire","Garry Trudeau","God Save the Queen","Gotthold Ephraim Lessing","Graph theory","Donald A. Wollheim","Don Rosa","Doctor (title)","Daily Planet","Dylan Thomas","Dziga Vertov","D. B. Cooper","Dorothy Parker","Dennis Hopper","Derry","Dubbing (filmmaking)","Donald Dewar","Daisy Duck","Digital cinema","Dean Koontz","Dachau","Demiurge","Evangelist (Latter Day Saints)","Ed (text editor)","Emma Goldman","E. B. White","Wikipedia:Editing policy","E. E. Smith","Edlin","Earthdawn","European Democrats","Eden Phillpotts","JavaScript","Epimenides paradox","Évariste Galois","Eureka Rebellion","Ernest Thayer","Electron microscope","Alfred Russel Wallace","Antonio Vivaldi","Aldine Press","Annales school","Amos Bronson Alcott","Arthur Aikin","ALGOL","APL (programming language)","AWK","ASCII art","Al-Qaeda","Arnold Schwarzenegger","Alternative medicine","Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn","Ammianus Marcellinus","Andrew Carnegie","Ambroise","Arizona State University","Hermann Kolbe","Australian English","Andrew Johnson","Beachcomber (pen name)","Bruce Perens","Book","Bill Joy","Benjamin Disraeli","Bruce Sterling","Basketball","Blue Velvet (film)","BMW","The Beano","Brian Aldiss","Booker Prize","Bash (Unix shell)","Book of Malachi","Beatrix Potter","Book of Zechariah","Ballpoint pen","Bakelite","Bikini","Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri","Anton Diabelli","Arabic alphabet","Anton Chekhov","Conservation-restoration of cultural heritage","Antisemitism in the Arab world","Adventism","Anita Hill","British Columbia","The Bronx","The Bahamas","Beryllium","Agatha Christie","Auto racing","Alexander Mackenzie (politician)","Allen Ginsberg","Albert Camus","Antisemitism","Aleister Crowley","Abbreviation","Avicenna","Augustin-Jean Fresnel","Applet","Alfonso Cuarón","Alternate history","Anglicanism","Amanda Hesser","Annals of Mathematics","AutoCAD DXF","Ab urbe condita","Andrei Sakharov","Atari 5200","Atari Jaguar","William M. Tweed","A. E. van Vogt","Author","Akira Kurosawa","A Clockwork Orange (novel)","Alfred Hitchcock","The Amazing Spider-Man","A. A. Milne","August Derleth","Abdul Alhazred","Alvin Toffler","American Civil War","A Fire Upon the Deep","Abel Tasman","Alexander Grothendieck","Aaliyah","Arsenal F.C.","Andreas Capellanus","Amiga","Adobe Systems","Ammonius Grammaticus","Atlanta","Akira Toriyama","Alan Jay Lerner","Al Capp","Army of Darkness","AIM (software)","`Abdu'l-Bahá","Albert Brooks","Batman","Book of Jeremiah","British National Party","Boxing","Book of Ruth","Bollywood","Northrop Grumman B-2 Spirit","Books of Samuel","Book of Joshua","Book of Nehemiah","Books of Chronicles","Andrei Tarkovsky","ASCII","Abraham Lincoln","Albert Einstein","Ayn Rand","Arthur Schopenhauer","Academy Awards","Bertrand Russell","Bill Watterson","Bootstrapping","Bede","Boston Herald","Brian Kernighan","Blackjack","Benjamin Franklin","Buckminster Fuller","Brown University","David Hilbert","Dave Barry","Dwight Schultz","Doonesbury","Denis Diderot","Deseret alphabet","Doctor Who","Debian","Dartmouth College","Dave Brubeck","Don Quixote","Chinese room","Clark Ashton Smith","Calvin and Hobbes","Charles Sanders Peirce","Civilization (video game)","Constantin von Tischendorf","Campaign for Real Ale","Cornish language","Crystal Eastman","Camelot","Creation science","The Canterbury Tales","Cyril M. Kornbluth","Christadelphians","Captain America","Cahiers du cinéma","Contras","Cocktail","David Cronenberg","David Lynch","David D. Friedman","Data compression","Douglas Adams","Dalton Trumbo","Donald Knuth","Dungeons &amp; Dragons","Dianetics","Dialect","Documentary film","Day of the Tentacle","Cut-up technique","Chaosium","Charles Williams (British writer)","Canadian English","Channel 4","Charles Farrar Browne","Director's cut","Confederate States of America","Colette","Computer file","Cary Elwes","Charles Alston","Carl Barks","Clive Anderson","Creed","Communist Party of the Soviet Union","Choctaw","Clark Kent","Hanukkah","Cold fusion","Software","Telecommunications in Cambodia","Chris Morris (satirist)","Character encodings in HTML","Computer programming","Cladistics","Conan the Barbarian","Coronation Street","Cottingley Fairies","Carl Sagan","Cuban Missile Crisis","Christianity and antisemitism","Cincinnati Reds","Commodore 1541","Chris Marker","Cy Young","Classical liberalism","COBOL","Ben Bova","Citizen Kane","Christianity","Bill Bryson","The World Factbook","Barry Goldwater","Balfour Declaration","Boston Corbett","Brit milah","Bob Costas","BeOS","Book of Common Prayer","Balance of trade","Confucianism","Charles Tupper","Charles Dickens","Confucius","History of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints","Church of England","Caving","Cryptozoology","Comic strip","Cthulhu Mythos","Constellations (journal)","Cutaway (filmmaking)","Cross-dressing","Creutzfeldt\u2013Jakob disease","Cyberpunk","Call of Cthulhu (role-playing game)","David Brewster","Dewey Decimal Classification","David","Discordianism","Ducati Motor Holding S.p.A.","Dramaturge","Dave Winer","Deus Ex (video game)","Doom (1993 video game)","Duke Nukem 3D","Stephen Donaldson (activist)","David Ricardo","Doublespeak","Dr. Strangelove","Stab-in-the-back myth","Detroit","Tao Te Ching","Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders","DDT"],"word":"editor","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12712","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12628","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12667","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12622","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12710","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12787","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12754","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12598","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12750","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12737","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12627","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12775","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12645","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12702","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12535","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9549","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9508","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9518","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9515","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9428","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9488","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9441","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9482","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9596","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9593","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9467","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9591","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11338","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11157","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11369","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11162","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11242","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11152","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11168","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11244","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11257","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11127","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11122","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11101","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11054","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10852","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10827","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10913","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10951","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10949","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10937","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10858","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11033","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10875","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10887","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11001","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10992","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13191","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13223","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13231","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13219","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13224","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13137","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13109","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13156","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13236","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13253","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12073","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11986","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12001","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12228","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12180","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12118","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12033","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11988","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11985","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12221","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11442","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11657","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11382","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11561","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11385","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11664","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11619","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11646","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11582","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11504","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11600","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11531","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11625","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11698","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11740","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11736","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11732","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11891","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11959","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11745","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11734","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11857","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11691","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11953","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11801","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13049","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12995","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12848","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13015","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13090","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12855","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12874","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12887","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13076","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13022","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13021","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12987","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9995","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9946","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9942","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10030","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10018","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9926","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10133","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10011","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10775","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10685","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10672","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10793","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10671","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10635","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10772","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10798","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10770","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10786","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10576","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9128","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9105","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9258","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9080","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9331","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9294","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9282","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9248","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9253","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10268","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10503","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10258","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10393","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10252","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10392","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10426","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10322","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10302","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10409","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10264","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10224","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12336","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12495","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12300","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12425","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12474","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12274","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12301","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12367","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12334","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12305","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12401","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8843","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8927","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8881","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8964","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8783","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8930","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8799","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8781","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8791","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9055","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8860","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8833","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9020","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8844","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8910","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9030","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8796","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9772","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9789","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9730","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1494","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1425","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1581","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1316","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1384","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1563","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1453","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1451","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1456","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1884","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1921","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1806","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1845","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1625","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1767","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1938","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1880","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1859","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1825","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1897","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1624","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3963","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3869","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3778","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3965","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3875","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3838","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3921","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3947","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3772","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4653","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4561","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4446","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4547","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4455","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4481","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4456","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4519","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4485","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4550","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2215","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2313","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2204","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2447","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2444","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2187","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2314","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3392","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3338","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3451","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3378","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=984","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1022","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1235","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1017","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=983","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1078","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1177","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1171","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1130","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1141","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1202","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1247","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1203","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1214","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2785","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2754","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2553","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2786","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2780","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2782","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4688","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=888","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=914","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=872","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=843","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=808","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=931","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=924","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=980","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=972","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=930","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=863","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2080","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1988","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2042","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2144","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2174","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1949","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1980","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1955","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3125","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3138","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3092","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3010","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3012","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3217","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3019","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3075","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4335","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4363","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4294","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4243","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4381","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4246","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4396","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4378","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4331","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4362","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4319","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=676","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=586","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=307","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=736","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=339","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=700","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=324","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4163","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4032","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4211","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4041","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4171","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4051","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3981","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3986","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4031","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4157","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8302","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8432","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8425","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8243","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8199","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8222","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8209","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8242","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8418","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8176","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8237","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6216","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6210","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6059","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6117","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6259","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6193","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6060","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6130","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7611","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7546","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7683","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7627","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7716","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7586","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7729","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7765","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7548","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7599","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7892","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7891","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7935","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8013","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8091","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7928","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8095","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7940","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7989","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8128","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8088","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8090","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6347","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6607","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6533","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6340","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6321","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6431","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8731","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7077","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7179","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7345","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7462","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7212","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7271","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7222","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7442","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7388","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7463","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5309","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5433","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5397","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5315","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5311","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5376","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6713","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6851","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6751","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6824","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6827","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6728","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6671","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6767","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6715","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6849","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6677","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6799","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4982","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5224","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5211","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5050","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5163","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4792","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4820","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4692","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4768","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4893","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4801","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4953","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4810","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5820","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5823","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5955","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5776","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5828","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5704","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5725","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5723","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5719","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5700","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5617","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5703","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5722","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8487","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8699","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8551","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8527","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8653","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8584","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8713","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8484","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8521","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8569","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8605","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8470","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8478","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8695","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8594","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8687","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8574","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8498","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8494"]}
	{"docID":[6569],"text":["worked abroad under cover as an intelligence agent.\" McCarry was editor-at-large for \"National Geographic\" and has contributed pieces to \"The New York Times\" \"The Wall Street Journal\" \"The Washington Post\" the \"Saturday Evening Post\" and other national publications. In as essay published by the \"Washington Post\" he says that \"for"],"title":["Charles McCarry"],"word":"editoratlarg","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6569"]}
	{"docID":[11331,11339],"text":["language<br> language-based editor<br> Language for Communicating Systems<br> Language H<br> language lawyer<br> Language Of Temporal Ordering Specification<br> Language Sensitive Editor<br> language-sensitive editor<br> languages of choice<br> Laning and Zierler<br> LANL<br> Lan Manager<br> LANtastic<br> LAP<br> LAP4<br> LAPB<br> LAPD<br> LAPM<br> LAPSE<br> laptop computer<br> LaQuey<br> Larch<br> Larch/C++<br> LARCH/CLU<br> Large Installation Systems Administration<br> Larry Wall<br> LART<br>","Graphics Array<br> eXtended Video Graphics Array<br> extensible<br> extensible database<br> Extensible Markup Language<br> Extensible Shell<br> Extensible Stylesheet Language<br> Extensible VAX Editor<br> extension<br> extensional<br> extensional equality<br> extensionality<br> Extension Language Kit<br> Exterior Gateway Protocol<br> eXternal Data Representation<br> external memory<br> EXTRA<br> extranet<br> EXUG<br> eyeball search DONE<br> EZ<br> ezd<br> e-zine<br> f2c<br> F2F<br> F68K<br> FAC<br> face"],"title":["Wikipedia:Free On-line Dictionary of Computing/L - N","Wikipedia:Free On-line Dictionary of Computing/E - H"],"word":"editorbr","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11331","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11339"]}
	{"docID":[11664],"text":["created by editor/co-plotter Stan Lee and artist/co-plotter Jack Kirby who developed a collaborative approach to creating comics with this title that they would use from then on. The four individuals traditionally associated with the Fantastic Four who gained superpowers after exposure to cosmic rays during a scientific mission to outer"],"title":["Fantastic Four"],"word":"editorcoplott","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11664"]}
	{"docID":[11531,11561,11657,13090,13015,12990,13109,13235,13223,11054,10937,11033,10887,11101,10897,10979,11257,11121,11127,11985,11698,11861,11891,11955,11812,11786,11776,9693,9814,9839,9332,9105,9253,9133,9140,12562,12775,12799,9587,9508,9455,9420,9515,10772,10786,10685,9995,10013,10024,8855,8964,8786,8781,8927,8843,12272,12283,12384,12367,6340,6321,6533,7463,7738,7716,7765,8127,7165,7144,7104,6960,8756,8742,8498,8699,8520,8605,8487,5254,5199,5142,4982,5224,8243,8222,6193,5992,6827,6822,5320,5622,5704,5592,5703,4792,4927,4953,5942,4032,3978,4163,4171,3427,3338,3356,3780,3856,3746,1397,1461,1537,1625,1914,1845,1825,1857,2210,2187,4621,677,628,307,1078,1038,1152,1030,1017,4332,4246,4386,4335,4243,4388,910,856,863,2785,2795,4667,4669,3079,3029,3333],"text":["Most of these projects had small editorial budgets and relied in part or occasionally entirely on contributions from fellow Futurians for their contents. At the time the Futurians were formed Donald Wollheim was strongly attracted by communism and believed that followers of science fiction \"should actively work for the realization","Christmas's costume should be portrayed as red\u2014although that was always the most common colour\u2014and he could sometimes be found in a gown of brown green blue or white. Mass media approval of the red costume came following a Coca-Cola advertising campaign that was launched in 1931. Father Christmas's common form","plays a significant role when it comes to fashion. For instance an important part of fashion is fashion journalism. Editorial critique guidelines and commentary can be found on television and in magazines newspapers fashion websites social networks and fashion blogs. In recent years fashion blogging and YouTube videos have become","storyline of the Gotham Cathedral plays a central role for the story as it is built by Mr. Whisper the story's antagonist. In a 1992 storyline a man obsessed with Pinkney's architecture blew up several Gotham buildings in order to reveal the Pinkney structures they had hidden; the editorial purpose","New York Times\" from 1917 through 1930. Kaufman took his editorial responsibilities very seriously. According to legend on one occasion a press agent asked: \"How do I get our leading lady's name in the \"Times\"?\" Kaufman: \"Shoot her.\" He worked with Moss Hart in 1930 on the Broadway hit \"Once","1946 text mentioning a similar controversy. Cartographers had long despaired over publishers' inapt use of the Mercator. A 1943 \"New York Times\" editorial stated that \"The time has come to discard [the Mercator] for something that represents the continents and directions less deceptively ... Although its usage ... has diminished","15 July Mann wrote giving his detailed response to Barton and Whitfield. He emphasised that the full data and necessary methods information was already publicly available in full accordance with National Science Foundation (NSF) requirements so that other scientists had been able to reproduce their work. NSF policy was that","editorial connection between the projects however. The participants in Nupedia do not necessarily condone the contents or methods of Wikipedia - and vice-versa. To add a Nupedia article to Wikipedia all you have to do is find the article copy the contents and paste it into the appropriate location (whatever","no change in effect; the choice between the two is purely a matter of editorial preference.) Using codice_7 generates a thumbnail of an image (the most common placement option) which is typically sized differently from the original image. The Wikimedia Commons' and Wikipedia's will guide you through the process of","monasteries in Austria and Germany evicted clergymen and laymen alike and often replaced crosses with a swastikas. Referring to the swastika as the \u201cDevil\u2019s Cross\u201d church leaders found their youth organizations banned their meetings limited and various Catholic periodicals censored or banned. Government officials eventually found it necessary to place","will and provide the freed slaves land to support themselves. Key publicly criticized slavery's cruelties so much that after his death a newspaper editorial stated \"So actively hostile was he to the peculiar institution that he was called 'The Nigger Lawyer' ... because he often volunteered to defend the downtrodden","he said that he could not accept the right to vote as a black man if women could not also claim that right. He suggested that the world would be a better place if women were involved in the political sphere. Also in the wake of the Seneca Falls Convention","editorials for many years in the 1940s to 1960s but it never came into general usage the way Murphy's law has. One variant (known as O'Toole's corollary of Finagle's law) favored among hackers is a takeoff on the second law of thermodynamics (related to the augmentation of entropy): In the","and Letraset. Examples include \"Bombsite Fanzine\" (Liverpool 1977) Wool City Rocker (Bradford 1979 - 1982) \"City Fun\" (Manchester) 1984 Spuno (Bath 1980) \"No Cure\" (Berkshire) and \"Town Hall Steps\" (Bolton) and more recently \"mono\" (fanzine) (Bradford) with many more across the country. Another sizable group of fanzines arose in role-playing","This limitation exists in consequence of sheer proportionality: the more voices in a fugue the greater the amount of possible permutations. In consequence composers exercise editorial judgment as to the most musical of permutations and processes leading thereto. One example of permutation fugue can be seen in the opening chorus","to win the nomination. The Republicans nominated Thomas E. Dewey the governor of New York who had a reputation as a liberal in his party. The opposition lambasted Roosevelt and his administration for domestic corruption bureaucratic inefficiency tolerance of Communism and military blunders. Labor unions which had grown rapidly in","Amanda Salmonson in Seattle. Special issues of magazines linked to science fiction meetings were also published at that moment like the Khatru symposium's fanzine \"Women in Science Fiction\" in 1975. \"Femspec\" is a feminist academic journal specializing in speculative fiction including science fiction fantasy magical realism mythic explorations in poetry","begins broadcasting than similar representatives in similar districts where Fox News was not broadcast.\" A 2017 study using channel positions as an instrumental variable found that \"Fox News increases Republican vote shares by 0.3 points among viewers induced into watching 2.5 additional minutes per week by variation in position.\" Another","aware of the content of any of the e-mails in question. Comey's announcement was inconsistent with Justice Department policy and he was warned by lawyers at the Department of Justice against proceeding with his letter to Congress. Both Republican and Democrat lawmakers as well as both the Clinton and Trump","it proactively.\" In 1993 in Singapore after several expensive cars were spray-painted the police arrested a student from the Singapore American School Michael P. Fay questioned him and subsequently charged him with vandalism. Fay pleaded guilty to vandalizing a car in addition to stealing road signs. Under the 1966 Vandalism","this decision from his romance with Marie Krackowizer whom he married in the same year. Aside from his editorial work at \"Science\" Boas secured an appointment as \"docent\" in anthropology at Clark University in 1888. Boas was concerned about university president G.  Stanley Hall's interference in his research yet in","was the birthplace of the Swedish composer Kurt Atterberg. The first internationally successfully Swedish group instrumental rock group The Spotnicks came from Gothenburg. Bands such as The Soundtrack of Our Lives and Ace of Base are well-known pop representatives of the city. During the 1970s Gothenburg had strong roots in","the Kent hop fields. He kept a diary about his experiences there. Afterwards he lodged in the Tooley Street kip but could not stand it for long and with financial help from his parents moved to Windsor Street where he stayed until Christmas. \"Hop Picking\" by Eric Blair appeared in","where he held a number of leadership positions including president of the senior class secretary of the student council president of the community fund-raising group a member of the editorial board of the school newspaper and captain of both the varsity baseball and soccer teams. The United States was drawn","are Turkey US$195 million; Canada US$160 million; Australia US$144 million; Norway US$122 million and Denmark US$110 million. Israel and Singapore have joined as Security Cooperative Participants (SCP). Japan announced on 20 December 2011 its intent to purchase 42 F-35s with deliveries beginning in 2016 to replace the F-4 Phantom II; Japan seeks 38 F-35s to","Described as \u201cthe determining moment in Fellini\u2019s life\u201d the magazine gave him steady employment between 1939 and 1942 when he interacted with writers gagmen and scriptwriters. These encounters eventually led to opportunities in show business and cinema. Among his collaborators on the magazine\u2019s editorial board were the future director Ettore","poverty. To compensate a chauvinist mood was rampant in Italy with the newspaper \"Il Diritto\" writing in an editorial: \"Italy must be ready. The year 1885 will decide her fate as a great power. It is necessary to feel the responsibility of the new era; to become again strong men","March Phillipps de Lisle's Association for the Promotion of the Unity of Christendom. It was editorialized by O'Neill that the \"most charitable construction to be placed on this latest move of Mathew is that he is not mentally sound. Being an Irishman it is strange that he has not sufficient","of 1933\u201334 Smith worked on \"The Skylark of Valeron\" but he felt that the story was getting out of control; he sent his first draft to Tremaine with a distraught note asking for suggestions. Tremaine accepted the rough draft for $850 and announced it in the June 1934 issue with","sequence of the activities of Ezra and Nehemiah. Ezra 7:8 says that Ezra arrived in Jerusalem in the seventh year of king Artaxerxes while Nehemiah 2:1\u20139 has Nehemiah arriving in Artaxerxes' twentieth year. If this was Artaxerxes I (465\u2013424 BCE) then Ezra arrived in 458 and Nehemiah in 445 BCE. Nehemiah","reasons for voting for Kerry in 2004. Upon completing more than 50 commercials Morris had difficulty getting them on the air. Eventually the liberal advocacy group MoveOn PAC paid to air a few of the commercials. Morris also wrote an editorial for \"The New York Times\" discussing the commercials and","books cover dated February 1966 until August 1967) at the top of each comic a misguided attempt by then-managing editor Irwin Donenfeld to make DC's output \"stand out on the newsracks\". In 1967 Batman artist Infantino (who had designed popular Silver Age characters Batgirl and the Phantom Stranger) rose from","During the 19th and early 20th century many smaller or less developed languages saw their first encyclopedias using French German and English role models. While encyclopedias in larger languages having large markets that could support a large editorial staff churned out new 20-volume works in a few years and new","keyboard. In addition DEKA has received funding from DARPA to work on a brain-controlled prosthetic limb called the Luke Arm. Kamen is a member of the USA Science and Engineering Festival's Advisory Board and is also a member of the Xconomists an ad hoc team of editorial advisors","be recognized even by non-viewers. In December 1964 editorial cartoonist Leslie Gilbert Illingworth published a cartoon in the \"Daily Mail\" captioned \"THE DEGAULLEK\" caricaturing French President Charles de Gaulle arriving at a NATO meeting as a Dalek with de Gaulle's prominent nose. The word \"Dalek\" has entered major dictionaries including","that a conflict may sometimes arise between the moral imperative of a bias-free recounting of one's factual observations and the even more important imperative of advancing scientific knowledge. Mendel might have felt compelled \u201cto simplify his data in order to meet real or feared editorial objections.\u201d Such an action could","by the English Handel Society (founded by Sir George Macfarren). The 105-volume \"Händel-Gesellschaft\" (\"Handel Society\") edition was published between 1858 and 1902 \u2013 mainly due to the efforts of Friedrich Chrysander. For modern performance the realisation of the basso continuo reflects 19th century practice. Vocal scores drawn from the edition","editorial design (magazines newspapers and books) wayfinding or environmental design advertising web design communication design product packaging and signage. The term graphic design was coined by William Addison Dwiggins in 1922. However the origins of graphic design can be traced from the origins of human existence from the caves of","hasten the death of terminally ill patients: The essay was favourably reviewed in \"The Saturday Review\" but an editorial against the essay appeared in \"The Spectator\". From there it proved to be influential and other writers came out in support of such views: Lionel Tollemache wrote in favour of euthanasia","CD or DVD costing US$40\u201350 and the Microsoft Encarta Premium 2007 DVD costing US$45. The \"Britannica\" contains 100000 articles and \"Merriam-Webster's Dictionary and Thesaurus\" (US only) and offers Primary and Secondary School editions. \"Encarta\" contained 66000 articles a user-friendly Visual Browser interactive maps math language and homework tools a US","the scenes so they are often called picture bilinguals. In 1979 Massimo Pallottino then president of the \"Istituto di Studi Etruschi ed Italici\" initiated the Committee of the \"Corpus Speculorum Etruscanorum\" which resolved to publish all the specula and set editorial standards for doing so. Since then the committee has","park area water and general atmosphere got the Ooievaarsnest neighborhood elected the \"Best large-city neighborhood of the Netherlands\" by the NRC Handelsblad in 1997. The old Philips factory complex has been transformed into a multi-purpose cultural and residential complex called Strijp-S. This includes conference and event space space for concerts","to be that Congress lacked power to free all slaves within the borders of rebel held states but Lincoln as commander in chief could do so if he deemed it a proper military measure and that Lincoln had already drafted plans to do. Abolitionists had long been urging Lincoln to","copyright holder must consider the existence of fair use before sending a takedown notification under § 512(c).\" In June 2011 Judge Philip Pro of the District of Nevada ruled in \"Righthaven v. Hoehn\" that the posting of an entire editorial article from the Las Vegas Review Journal in a comment","income of at least 750 million rubles to the State coffers over the course of a year from public and private screenings and 250 million rubles of this were supposed to come from rentals to the trade union camera network. In addition to releasing the films the committee also charged","inductees. Typically three people are inducted each year at the banquet at FilKONtario. A small editorial committee combines and edits the text of the nomination(s) to produce a citation which is read aloud at the banquet presented to","improved plastic brick. Throughout rebuilding filming would still take place and so scaffolding was often seen on screen during the process with some storylines written to accommodate the rebuilding such as the Queen Vic fire. In 2014 then executive producer Dominic Treadwell-Collins said that he wanted Albert Square to look","wrote many evidence-based guidelines. In 1991 Kaiser Permanente a managed care organization in the US began an evidence-based guidelines program. In 1991 Richard Smith wrote an editorial in the \"British Medical Journal\" and introduced the ideas of evidence-based policies in the UK. In 1993 the Cochrane Collaboration created a network","28.0g is considered trafficking under Australian law. In the United Kingdom MDMA was made illegal in 1977 by a modification order to the existing Misuse of Drugs Act 1971. Although MDMA was not named explicitly in this legislation the order extended the definition of Class A drugs to include various","that year's boat show Geisel provided the Navigamarama exhibit and the \"Sea Lawyers Gazette\". The final contribution to the Essomarine project was the mermaid Essie Neptune and her pet whale in 1941. The exhibit offered photos for a Happy Cruising passport. As World War II began Geisel turned to political","benefactor the \"Planet\" had always stood free refusing him ownership and even condemning his actions in editorials signed by Perry White himself. As a result when Clark Kent is first inducted into the \"Planet\" the newspaper was almost bankrupt dilapidated and unable to afford new reporters. This changed after Superman","use of for his 1967 debut release \"David Bowie\" (to the disgust of Newley himself who destroyed the copy he received from Bowie's publisher). Bowie's music hall fascination continued to surface sporadically alongside such diverse styles as hard rock and heavy metal soul psychedelic folk and pop. Musicologist James Perone","\"Vanity Fair\" magazine in 1914 and some months later was hired as an editorial assistant for another Condé Nast magazine \"Vogue\". She moved to \"Vanity Fair\" as a staff writer after two years at \"Vogue\". In 1917 she met and married a Wall Street stockbroker Edwin Pond Parker II (1893\u20131933)","award as \"best political cartoonist in the nation in a college paper\". \"I'm not really an editorial cartoonist. I'd much rather be doing comedy adventure. But I must have done something right for at one point \"The Journal of Higher Education\" named me one of the five or six best","of themes and philosophy in science fiction. One of Wollheim's short stories \"Mimic\" was made into the feature film of the same name released in 1997. His daughter Betsy declared: \"In true editorial fashion he was honest about the quality of his own writing. He felt it was fair to","is an editorial consultant of Berkeley Studies. George S. Pappas is known to be a leading Berkeley scholar; his essay \u201cBerkeley and Scepticism\u201d was in 1993 awarded the International Berkeley Prize. Professor Pappas is a regular participant of International Berkeley Conferences. At one such conference celebrating the 300th anniversary of","Unfortunately for TSR this version of the rules became notorious for the number of editorial mistakes including cross-references to rules that didn't appear in the boxed set. The errors were serious enough that TSR published a \"Gamma World Rules Supplement\" containing the \"missing\" rules. The \"Rules Supplement\" was sent to","ways: it was written on a different type of paper had a different number of words per line and number of lines and contained editorial revisions in Lincoln's hand. Both the Hay and Nicolay copies of the Address are within the Library of Congress encased in specially designed temperature-controlled sealed","Miller fellow comic-strip artist responsible for \"Non Sequitur\" called him \"far and away the most influential editorial cartoonist in the last 25 years\". A regular graduation speaker Trudeau has received 35 honorary degrees. In addition to his creating his strip Trudeau has worked in both theater and television. He was","type was set manually. Canadian newspapers also received much of their international content from American press agencies therefore it was much easier for editorial staff to leave the spellings from the wire services as provided. In the 1990s Canadian newspapers began to adopt the British spelling variants such as \"-our\"","by the scientific academies of the major industrialised nations There were 246 complaints to Ofcom as of 25 April 2007 including the complaints that the programme falsified data. The programme has been criticised by scientists and scientific organisations and various scientists which participated in the documentary claimed their views had","of increasing responsibility until his death in 1945. One of his greatest editorial achievements was the publication of the first major English-language edition of the works of Søren Kierkegaard. Although chiefly remembered as a novelist Williams also published poetry works of literary criticism theology drama history biography and a voluminous","until roughly 50% of scientists support the theory followed by a decline until there is only a very small number of supporters has been described as a characteristic of pathological science. The lack of a shared set of unifying concepts and techniques has prevented the creation of a dense network","filed by the British Chiropractic Association (BCA) against Simon Singh has inspired the filing of formal complaints of false advertising against more than 500 individual chiropractors within one 24-hour period prompting the McTimoney Chiropractic Association to write to its members advising them to remove leaflets that make claims about whiplash","so much in years.\" Mark Rich wrote \"Critics judging Kornbluth by this anthology edited by Pohl have seen a growing bitterness in his later stories. This reflects editorial choice more than reality because Kornbluth also wrote delightful humor in his last years in stories not collected here. These tales demonstrate","games that confused the traditional readership of the magazine. \"Le Monde\" took full editorial control of the magazine in 2003 appointing Jean-Michel Frodon as editor-in-chief. In February 2009 \"Cahiers\" was acquired from \"Le Monde\" by Richard Schlagman also owner of Phaidon Press a worldwide publishing group which specialises in books","comics section (similar to the way that \"Doonesbury\" is often featured in the editorial section due to its pointed commentary). Media analyst Norman Solomon and cartoonist Tom Tomorrow claim that Adams's caricatures of corporate culture seem to project empathy for white-collar workers but the satire ultimately plays into the hands","include editorial cartoons and comic strips. Modern single-panel \"gag cartoons\" found in magazines generally consist of a single drawing with a typeset caption positioned beneath or\u2014much less often\u2014a speech balloon. Newspaper syndicates have also distributed single-panel gag cartoons by Mel Calman Bill Holman Gary Larson George Lichty Fred Neher and","outside of editorial pages as described above traditional newspapers do not use the term \"censorware\" in their reporting preferring instead to use less overtly controversial terms such as \"content filter\" \"content control\" or \"web filtering\"; \"The New York Times\" and the \"Wall Street Journal\" both appear to follow this practice.","of cases since April 1721 came to 5889 with 844 deaths\u2014more than three-quarters of all the deaths in Boston during 1721. Meanwhile Boylston had inoculated 287 people with six resulting deaths. Boylston and Mather's inoculation crusade \"raised a horrid Clamour\" among the people of Boston. Both Boylston and Mather were","the oncoming Martian winter. Click and Clack have also been featured in editorial cartoons including one where a befuddled NASA engineer called them to ask how to fix the Space Shuttle. Humor and wisecracking pervaded the program. Tom and Ray are known for their self-deprecating humor often joking about the","member of the editorial board for \"The Rutherford Journal\". Dennett was born on March 28 1942 in Boston Massachusetts the son of Ruth Marjorie (née Leck) and Daniel Clement Dennett Jr. Dennett spent part of his childhood in Lebanon where during World War II his father was a covert counter-intelligence","limits on the amount of editorial changes allowed to the labels definitions and usage comments. The Dublin Core standard originally included two levels: Simple and Qualified. Simple Dublin Core comprised 15 elements; Qualified Dublin Core included three additional elements (Audience Provenance and RightsHolder) as well as a group of element","the healing process can be inhibited and symptoms can worsen as a result. Some members of the psychiatric survivors movement (more broadly the consumer/survivor/ex-patient movement) actively campaign against their diagnoses or the assumed implications and/or against the DSM system in general. Additionally it has been noted that the DSM often","the Lake Placid Club Educational Foundation a not-for-profit organization founded by Melvil Dewey managed administrative affairs. The ALA set up a Special Advisory Committee on the Decimal Classification as part of the Cataloging and Classification division of ALA in 1952. The previous Decimal Classification Committee was changed to the Decimal","his colleagues Boris Kornilov and Adrian Piotrovsky (executed). His only consolation in this period was the birth of his daughter Galina in 1936; his son Maxim was born two years later. The publication of the \"Pravda\" editorials coincided with the composition of Shostakovich's Fourth Symphony. The work marked a great","April Fool hoax.\" It soon became clear that it was not. \"The Spectator\" ran an editorial praising the chartering of the group and printed letters from students attacking and defending the decision. At this point there was no apparent opposition from Columbia faculty or staff. The fledgling group was advised","to the \"Encyclopædia Britannica\" (seventh and eighth editions) writing among others the articles on electricity hydrodynamics magnetism microscope optics stereoscope and voltaic electricity. He was elected a member of the American Antiquarian Society in 1816. In 1819 Brewster undertook further editorial work by establishing in conjunction with Robert Jameson (1774\u20131854)","Government publishers typically issue only decisions \"in the raw\" while private sector publishers often add indexing editorial analysis and similar finding aids. In common law legal systems the common law is crucial to understanding almost all important areas of law. For example in England and Wales in English Canada and","the US in men's hockey. On February 4 2011 Harper and Obama issued a \"Declaration on a Shared Vision for Perimeter Security and Economic Competitiveness\" and announced the creation of the Canada\u2013United States Regulatory Cooperation Council (RCC) \"to increase regulatory transparency and coordination between the two countries.\" Health Canada and","experience as he was used to his own Hollywood studio and familiar crew and no longer had limitless production time. According to Robinson this had an effect on the quality of the film. \"A King in New York\" was released in September 1957 and received mixed reviews. Chaplin banned American","Magazine\" a former editorial director of \"Omni\"; he was also president of both the National Space Society and the Science Fiction Writers of America. He lives in Florida. Ben Bova was born on November 8 1932 in Philadelphia. He graduated from South Philadelphia High School in 1949 and has been","to expose the private lives of people throughout the entire film industry. Welles was threatened with an exposé about his romance with the married actress Dolores del Rio who wanted the affair kept secret until her divorce was finalized. In a statement to journalists Welles denied that the film was","\"Doonesbury\" causing it to disappear from the 38 Sunday papers that Continental Features printed. Of the 38 only one newspaper \"The Anniston Star\" in Anniston Alabama continued to carry the Sunday \"Doonesbury\" though of necessity in black and white. Some newspapers have dealt with the criticism by moving the strip","style of writing is shown below. The Deseret alphabet was purposely designed so as to not have ascenders and descenders. This was envisioned as a practical benefit for the alphabet in an era of metal type: after many uses the edges of type sorts become dull and narrow ascenders and","edition to enable all scholars access to the Codex. Tischendorf pursued a constant course of editorial labours mainly on the New Testament until he was broken down by overwork in 1873. His motive as explained in a publication on Tischendorfs Letter by Prof. Christfried Boettrich (Leibzig University Prof. of Theology)","main concerns. Chinese herbal medicine has been a major cause of acute liver failure in China. Acupuncture is the insertion of needles into superficial structures of the body (skin subcutaneous tissue muscles) \u2013 usually at acupuncture points (acupoints) \u2013 and their subsequent manipulation; this aims at influencing the flow of","and said that all of its weapons were defensive and Cuba would not allow an inspection. Three days after Kennedy's speech the Chinese \"People's Daily\" announced that \"650000000 Chinese men and women were standing by the Cuban people.\" In West Germany newspapers supported the US's response by contrasting it with","century (chronicles written between the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries narrating the deeds of the monarchs and leading figures of the Crown of Aragon) and the subsequent Golden Age of the 14th and 15th centuries. After that period between the 16th and 19th centuries the Romantic historiography defined this era as","the European Union's Registration Evaluation Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals (REACH) regulations based on evaluation of the potentially hazardous properties of SWCNT. Based on this registration SWCNT commercialization is allowed in the EU up to 10 metric tons. Currently the type of SWCNT registered through REACH is limited to the","handwriting becomes meaningless even to the executive himself.\" \"Straits Times\" editor-in-chief Allington Kennard's editorial \"Twice the staff for half the work\" in mid-April 1958 touched on further aspects or sub-laws like Parkinson's Law of Triviality and also other interesting if dangerous areas like \"the problem of the retirement age how","inspiration for Bill Watterson and other cartoonists \"Krazy Kat\" gained a considerable following among intellectuals during the 1920s and 1930s. Some comic strips such as \"Doonesbury\" and \"The Boondocks\" may be printed on the editorial or op-ed page rather than the comics page because of their regular political commentary. For","the OAS's 39th General Assembly passed a vote to lift Cuba's suspension from the OAS. In its resolution (AG/RES 2438) the General Assembly decided that: The reincorporation of Cuba as an active member had arisen regularly as a topic within the inter-American system (e.g. it was intimated by the outgoing","Isaac Asimov's Science Fiction Magazine and popularized in his editorials. Bethke says he was made two lists of words one for technology one for troublemakers and experimented with combining them variously into compound words consciously attempting to coin a term that encompassed both punk attitudes and high technology. He described","but in his final term voted consistently to uphold legalized abortion and in 1981 gave a speech on how he was angry about the bullying of American politicians by religious organizations and would \"fight them every step of the way\". Goldwater also disagreed with the Reagan administration on certain aspects","Bogdanov or undecided by mid-1908 when the differences became irreconcilable Lenin concentrated on undermining Bogdanov's reputation as a philosopher. In 1909 he published a scathing book of criticism entitled \"Materialism and Empirio-criticism\" (1909) assaulting Bogdanov's position and accusing him of philosophical idealism. In June 1909 Bogdanov proposed the formation of","1552 under the same editorial hand that of Thomas Cranmer Archbishop of Canterbury. It was used only for a few months as after Edward VI's death in 1553 his half-sister Mary I restored Roman Catholic worship. Mary died in 1558 and in 1559 Elizabeth I reintroduced the 1552 book with","the \"theories of men\" but falling short of declaring evolution untrue or evil. \"It is held by some\" they said \"that Adam was not the first man upon the earth and that the original human was a development from lower orders of the animal creation. These however are the theories","cartooning but he felt that his studies would help him move into editorial cartooning. While at college he continued to develop his art skills; during his sophomore year he painted Michelangelo's \"Creation of Adam\" on the ceiling of his dorm room. He also contributed cartoons to the college newspaper some","the narrative content of the book. Exceptions include the Words of Mormon and the Book of Ether. The Words of Mormon contains editorial commentary by Mormon. The Book of Ether is presented as the narrative of an earlier group of people who had come to America before the immigration described","titled \"Authority and the Individual\" explored themes such as the role of individual initiative in the development of a community and the role of state control in a progressive society. Russell continued to write about philosophy. He wrote a foreword to \"Words and Things\" by Ernest Gellner which was highly","2018 another potential buyer Revolution Capital Group of Los Angeles filed a bid with the federal bankruptcy court; the \"Herald\" reported in a press release that \"the court requires BHI [Boston Herald Inc.] to hold an auction to allow all potential buyers an opportunity to submit competing offers. An auction","Mike Judge Collection\" along with a special collector's edition of \"Beavis and Butt-Head Do America\". Many music video segments and content from other third parties were never released due to licensing issues with the rights holders. Early episodes featuring Beavis and Butt-Head engaging in unusually cruel and criminal activities were","borough's poorer communities. The editor and co-publisher of \"The Riverdale Press\" Bernard Stein won the Pulitzer Prize for Editorial Writing for his editorials about Bronx and New York City issues in 1998. (Stein graduated from the Bronx High School of Science in 1959.) The Bronx once had its own daily","White House gay and lesbian liaison office said that Clinton's signing of DOMA \"was a political decision that they made at the time of a re-election\". In defense of his actions Clinton has said that DOMA was an attempt to \"head off an attempt to send a constitutional amendment banning","opposed to it although they indicated support for an \"Indian alternative.\" In 2007 he was briefly arrested and let out on bail after referring to Muslims as \"green poison\" during a Shiv Sena rally. On 27 March 2008 in protest to Thackeray's editorial leaders of Shiv Sena in Delhi resigned","attention both from the broadcast itself and from the increases in attendance and merchandise sales that expanded audiences allowed. The national networks began televising national games of the week opening the door for a national audience to see particular clubs. While most teams were broadcast emphasis was always on the","the removal of Deckard's voice-over; the re-insertion of the unicorn sequence and the removal of the studio-imposed happy ending. Scott provided extensive notes and consultation to Warner Bros. through film preservationist Michael Arick who was put in charge of creating the \"Director's Cut\". Scott's \"The Final Cut\" (2007 117 minutes)","Policy\". All three agreements are presented to users at time of registration and digital acceptance is achieved when they access the AOL service. During the period when volunteer chat room hosts and board monitors were used chat room hosts were given a brief online training session and test on Terms","an interplanetary spacecraft for a Venus fly-by mission. The S-IVB orbital workshop was the only one of these plans to make it off the drawing board. Dubbed Skylab it was constructed complete on the ground rather than in space and launched in 1973 using the two lower stages of a","\"A-shi\" points. In TCM disease is generally perceived as a disharmony or imbalance in energies such as yin yang \"qi\" xuĕ zàng-fǔ meridians and of the interaction between the body and the environment. Therapy is based on which \"pattern of disharmony\" can be identified. For example some diseases are believed","historical investigation and its unrelenting indictment of communist ideology made \"The Gulag Archipelago\" one of the most influential books of the 20th century. Even though \"The Gulag Archipelago\" was not published in the Soviet Union it was extensively criticized by the Party-controlled Soviet press. An editorial in \"Pravda\" on 14","long course. A BMJ editorial recommended that antibiotics can often be safely stopped 72 hours after symptoms resolve. Because individuals may feel better before the infection is eradicated doctors must provide instructions to them so they know when it is safe to stop taking a prescription. Some researchers advocate doctors' using","effects of medicine but are not based on evidence gathered with the scientific method. Exemplifying this perspective a 1998 editorial co-authored by Marcia Angell a former editor of \"The New England Journal of Medicine\" argued that: It is time for the scientific community to stop giving alternative medicine a free","he found that nitriles can be hydrolyzed to the corresponding acids. In addition to his own bench research and scholarly and editorial work Kolbe oversaw student research at Leipzig and especially at Marburg; students spending time under his tutelage included Peter Griess Aleksandr Mikhailovich Zaitsev (known for Zaitsev's rule predicting","tactical voting is more likely Brams argues that approval voting usually elects Condorcet winners in practice. Critics of the use of approval voting in the alumni elections for the Dartmouth Board of Trustees in 2009 placed its ultimately successful repeal before alumni voters arguing that the system has not been","Nicholas and Santa Claus from the United States to the rest of the English-speaking world and beyond. \"Is There a Santa Claus?\" was the title of an editorial appearing in the September 21 1897 edition of The (New York) Sun. The editorial which included the famous reply \"Yes Virginia there","dough of the [Jewish] holy bread.\". Kamal Khatib deputy leader of the northern branch of the Islamic movement referred in one of his speeches to the Jews as \"fleas\" Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood leader Mohammed Mahdi Akef has denounced what he called \"the myth of the Holocaust\" in defending Iranian president","2000. Editorial decisions were then overseen by Rachel Atwell in her capacity as Deputy Head of television news. Her deputy Mark Popescu became responsible for editorial content in 2004 a role he continued in until the appointment of Bakhurst as Controller in 2005. A further announcement by Head of television","the operations of division and multiplication have equal priority and are executed from left to right. Until the last century many editorials assumed that multiplication is performed first for example formula_7 is interpreted as formula_8; in this case the insertion of parentheses is required when translating the formulas to an","In 1944 Huxley wrote the introduction to the \"Bhagavad Gita: The Song of God\" translated by Swami Prabhavananda and Christopher Isherwood which was published by The Vedanta Society of Southern California. From 1941 until 1960 Huxley contributed 48 articles to \"Vedanta and the West\" published by the society. He also","nationwide youth organization the Wide Awakes which it used to generate popular support for Lincoln throughout the country to spearhead large voter registration drives knowing that new voters and young voters tend to embrace new and young parties. As Lincoln's ideas of abolishing slavery grew so did his supporters. People","the White movement in Siberia. White Army soldiers had been issued copies of \"The Protocols of the Elders of Zion\" and \"The \"Protocols\" continue to be used as evidence of Jewish conspiracies even though they are widely acknowledged to be a forgery. During World War II Nazi Germany encouraged Japan","hospitals Skejby Sygehus the Municipal Hospital the County Hospital Marselisborg Hospital and Risskov Psychiatric Hospital. It is today the largest hospital in Denmark with a combined staff of some 10000 and 1150 patient beds across five locations. In 2012 construction of \"Det Nye Universitetshospital\" (The New University Hospital) began which","that it was \"smart and challenging based in the here and the now in which real English places emerged from the shadows of folklore and in which people found themselves walking living and battling their way through the dreams and patterns of myth.\" Praise also came from Nick Lake the","the economy. Henry Hazlitt wrote economics columns and editorials for a number of publications and wrote many books on the topic of Austrian economics from the 1930s to the 1980s. Hazlitt's thinking was influenced by Mises. His book \"Economics in One Lesson\" (1946) sold over a million copies and he","as a professional poet for the rest of his life. Later in life Ginsberg entered academia teaching poetry as Distinguished Professor of English at Brooklyn College from 1986 until his death. Ginsberg claimed throughout his life that his biggest inspiration was Kerouac's concept of \"spontaneous prose\". He believed literature should","this was Artaxerxes I (465\u2013424 BC) then Ezra arrived in 458 and Nehemiah in 445 BC. Nehemiah 8\u20139 in which the two (possibly by editorial error) appear together supports this scenario. It was proposed that Ezra's Artaxerxes was Artaxerxes II (404\u2013359 BC) and that the sequence should be reversed with Nehemiah","modern Hindi cinema: \"The extent of Urdu used in commercial Hindi cinema has not been stable ... the decline of Urdu is mirrored in Hindi films ... It is true that many Urdu words have survived and have become part of Hindi cinema's popular vocabulary. But that is as far","concentrate on the book's underlying editorial unity. 1. \"Prologue\" in two scenes the first on earth the second in heaven () 2. \"Job's opening monologue\" ( \u2013 seen by some scholars as a bridge between the prologue and the dialogues and by others as the beginning of the dialogues) and","personal wealth is important in his life story and the crucial role it plays in his efforts as Batman. Will Brooker notes in his book \"Batman Unmasked\" that \"the confirmation of the Batman's identity lies with the young audience ... he doesn't have to be Bruce Wayne; he just needs the","a person out and the force likely to kill a person. From 1980 to 2007 more than 200 amateur boxers professional boxers and Toughman fighters died due to ring or training injuries. In 1983 editorials in the \"Journal of the American Medical Association\" called for a ban on boxing. The","foolish speech. Chapters 25\u201329 attributed to editorial activity of \"the men of Hezekiah\" contrasts the just and the wicked and broaches the topic of rich and poor. Chapter 30:1\u20134 the \"sayings of Agur\" introduces creation divine power and human ignorance. It is impossible to offer precise dates for the sayings","of the editorial board of two scientific journals: \"Journal of Urban Technology\" and \"Centaurus\". Lately he has been occupied with the history of Large","particularly after Jobs returned to the company. Numerous Apple employees have stated that projects without Jobs's involvement often took longer than projects with it. To recognize the best of its employees Apple created the Apple Fellows program which awards individuals who make extraordinary technical or leadership contributions to personal computing","corpus in Maryland along with sending in militia units from the North. Lincoln rapidly took control of Maryland and the District of Columbia by seizing many prominent figures including arresting 1/3 of the members of the Maryland General Assembly on the day it reconvened. All were held without trial ignoring","when the Institute for Advanced Study took joint editorial control. Since 1998 it has been available in an electronic edition alongside its regular print edition. The electronic edition was available without charge as an open access journal but since 2008 this is no longer the case. Issues from before 2003","in Perth. Dozens of Australian Army Reserve depots are located across Australia. Since 1947 the Australian Army has published its own journal titled the \"Australian Army Journal\". Covering a broad range of topics including essays book reviews and editorials with submissions from serving members as well as professional authors the","author Konstantin Paustovsky refused to attend the meeting. Yevgeny Yevtushenko did attend but walked out in disgust. According to Yevgenii Pasternak his father would have been exiled had it not been for Indian Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru who telephoned Khrushchev and threatened to find a Committee for Pasternak's protection. It","as an editorial staff artist. During a 1982 visit to relatives on the West Coast Holbrook met \"Peanuts\" creator Charles Schulz. Following his advice and encouragement Holbrook created a strip in the fall of that year about a college graduate working in a rundown diner. It did not stir syndicate","cents a day based on the Corporation's 2007\u201308 'base funding' of $543 million. Budget figures above show the ABC costs over 14 cents per day today. Federal funding to the ABC: of $1022.6 million in 2016-17; $1029.9 million in 2017-18; and $1036.5 million in 2018-19. Under the \"Australian Broadcasting Corporation Act","journals and sat on the editorial boards of the scientific journals \"Intelligence\" and \"Personality and Individual Differences\". He was rated as one of the 50 most eminent psychologists of the 20th century. He was also a controversial figure largely for his conclusions regarding the causes of race-based differences in intelligence.","to make a few \"dirty dollars\" Griffith responded that \"the public should not be afraid to accept the truth even though it might not like it\". He also added that the man who wrote the editorial was \"damaging my reputation as a producer\" and \"a liar and a coward\". He"],"title":["Futurians","Father Christmas","Fashion","Gotham City","George S. Kaufman","Gall\u2013Peters projection","Global warming controversy","Wikipedia:Nupedia and Wikipedia","Help:Editing","Fascism","Francis Scott Key","Frederick Douglass","Finagle's law","Fanzine","Fugue","Franklin D. Roosevelt","Feminist science fiction","Fox News","Federal Bureau of Investigation","Graffiti","Franz Boas","Gothenburg","George Orwell","George H. W. Bush","Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II","Federico Fellini","First Italo-Ethiopian War","Episcopi vagantes","E. E. Smith","Ezra","Errol Morris","DC Comics","Encyclopedia","Dean Kamen","Dalek","Gregor Mendel","George Frideric Handel","Graphic design","Euthanasia","Encyclopædia Britannica","Etruscan language","Eindhoven","Emancipation Proclamation","Fair use","Cinema of the Soviet Union","Filk music","EastEnders","Evidence-based medicine","MDMA","Dr. Seuss","Daily Planet","David Bowie","Dorothy Parker","Don Rosa","Donald A. Wollheim","George Pappas","Gamma World","Gettysburg Address","Garry Trudeau","Canadian English","Channel 4","Charles Williams (British writer)","Cold fusion","Chiropractic","Cyril M. Kornbluth","Cahiers du cinéma","Dilbert","Cartoon","Content-control software","Cotton Mather","Car Talk","Daniel Dennett","Dublin Core","Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders","Dewey Decimal Classification","Dmitri Shostakovich","Stephen Donaldson (activist)","David Brewster","Common law","Canada\u2013United States relations","Charlie Chaplin","Ben Bova","Citizen Kane","Doonesbury","Deseret alphabet","Constantin von Tischendorf","Traditional Chinese medicine","Cuban Missile Crisis","Catalonia","Carbon nanotube","C. Northcote Parkinson","Comic strip","Foreign relations of Cuba","Cyberpunk","Barry Goldwater","Bolsheviks","Book of Common Prayer","History of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints","Bill Watterson","Book of Mormon","Bertrand Russell","Boston Herald","Beavis and Butt-Head","The Bronx","Bill Clinton","Bal Thackeray","History of baseball in the United States","Blade Runner","AOL","Apollo program","Acupuncture","Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn","Antimicrobial resistance","Alternative medicine","Hermann Kolbe","Approval voting","Folklore of the United States","Antisemitism in the Arab world","BBC News (TV channel)","Ambiguity","Aldous Huxley","Abraham Lincoln","Antisemitism","Aarhus","Alan Garner","Austrian School","Allen Ginsberg","Book of Ezra","Bollywood","Book of Job","Batman","Boxing","Book of Proverbs","Arne Kaijser","Apple Inc.","American Civil War","Annals of Mathematics","Australian Army","Boris Pasternak","Bill Holbrook","Australian Broadcasting Corporation","Arthur Jensen","The Birth of a Nation"],"word":"editori","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11531","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11561","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11657","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13090","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13015","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12990","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13109","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13235","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13223","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11054","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10937","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11033","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10887","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11101","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10897","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10979","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11257","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11121","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11127","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11985","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11698","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11861","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11891","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11955","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11812","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11786","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11776","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9332","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9105","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9253","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9133","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9140","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12562","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12775","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12799","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9587","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9508","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9455","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9420","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9515","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10772","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10786","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10685","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9995","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10013","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10024","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8855","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8964","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8786","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8781","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8927","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8843","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12272","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12283","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12384","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12367","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6340","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6321","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6533","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7463","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7738","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7716","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7765","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8127","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7165","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7144","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7104","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6960","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8756","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8742","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8498","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8699","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8520","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8605","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8487","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5254","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5199","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5142","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4982","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5224","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8243","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8222","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6193","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6827","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6822","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5320","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5622","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5704","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5592","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5703","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4792","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4927","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4953","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4032","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3978","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4163","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4171","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3427","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3338","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3356","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3780","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3856","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3746","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1397","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1461","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1537","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1625","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1914","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1845","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1825","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1857","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2210","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2187","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4621","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=677","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=628","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=307","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1078","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1038","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1152","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1030","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1017","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4332","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4246","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4386","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4335","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4243","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4388","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=910","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=856","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=863","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2785","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2795","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4667","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4669","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3079","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3029","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3333"]}
	{"docID":[12367,4963],"text":["comic strip artist to win a Pulitzer traditionally awarded to editorial-page cartoonists. He was also a Pulitzer finalist in 1990 2004 and 2005. Other awards include the National Cartoonist Society Newspaper Comic Strip Award in 1994 and the Reuben Award in 1995. In 1993 Trudeau was made a fellow of","addressed the global warming issue. Frederick Seitz in a June 12 1996 editorial-page piece in the \"Wall Street Journal\" complained that alterations made to Chapter 8 of the 1995 IPCC report were made to \"deceive policy makers and the public into believing that the scientific evidence shows human activities are"],"title":["Garry Trudeau","Benjamin D. Santer"],"word":"editorialpag","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12367","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4963"]}
	{"docID":[7729,7765,6607,7463,6979,7104,6881,8605,8699,6112,5622,2785,931,742,3382,1397,4653,12367,11861,13109,11664,10979,11257,11324,9751,9508,9428,8964,9003,8855,8843,10018],"text":["penciled by Mitchell Breitweiser depicts a dying Steve Rogers' final minutes at S.H.I.E.L.D. headquarters as his spirit guides James Newman a young American Marine fighting in Afghanistan. \"The Chosen\" is not part of the main Marvel Universe continuity. During the \"Two Americas\" storyline that ran in issues #602-605 the series","Monde\" took full editorial control of the magazine in 2003 appointing Jean-Michel Frodon as editor-in-chief. In February 2009 \"Cahiers\" was acquired from \"Le Monde\" by Richard Schlagman also owner of Phaidon Press a worldwide publishing group which specialises in books on the visual arts. In July 2009 Stéphane Delorme and","and Lynn Willis remained at Chaosium as President and Editor-in-Chief respectively continuing on with \"Call of Cthulhu\" as the main product line. Problems and delays fulfilling the Kickstarters for the 7th edition of \"Call of Cthulhu\" led Stafford and Petersen to return to an active role at Chaosium in June","\"Physical Review Letters\" but the peer reviewers rejected it so harshly that he felt deeply insulted and he resigned from the American Physical Society (publisher of \"PRL\") in protest. The number of papers sharply declined after 1990 because of two simultaneous phenomena: scientists abandoning the field and journal editors declining","editor-in-chief is Mikhail V. Blagosklonny (Roswell Park Cancer Institute). The journal is abstracted and indexed in Medline/PubMed and the Science Citation Index Expanded.","\"raised a horrid Clamour\" among the people of Boston. Both Boylston and Mather were \"Object[s] of their Fury; their furious Obloquies and Invectives\" which Mather acknowledges in his diary. Boston's Selectmen consulting a doctor who claimed that the practice caused many deaths and only spread the infection forbade Boylston from","the artist to move to New York City; it was there she spent the winters while summering at Green Alley the home and studio she had built in Gloucester Massachusetts. Beaux's friendship with Richard Gilder editor-in-chief of the literary magazine \"The Century\" helped promote her career and he introduced her","organized several benefit concerts. The group published a newsletter and released a compilation LP on Mystic Records in 1986 which was entitled \"Mutiny On The Bowery.\" The compilation featured live recordings from the group's benefit concerts. Among other active members of the APRC were WFMU-FM DJ Pat Duncan MaximumRockNRoll columnist","edition. Milton Ferguson functioned as editor from 1949 to 1951. The 16th edition in 1958 was edited under an agreement between the Library of Congress and Forest Press with David Haykin as director. Editions 16\u201319 were edited by Benjamin A. Custer and the editor of edition 20 was John P.","formerly known as Burj Dubai before opening passed the CN Tower's 553.33-metre height. The CN Tower held the record of tallest free-standing structure on land for over 30 years. After Burj Khalifa had been formally recognized by the Guinness World Records as the world's tallest freestanding structure Guinness re-certified CN","at which the handwriting becomes meaningless even to the executive himself.\" \"Straits Times\" editor-in-chief Allington Kennard's editorial \"Twice the staff for half the work\" in mid-April 1958 touched on further aspects or sub-laws like Parkinson's Law of Triviality and also other interesting if dangerous areas like \"the problem of the","the founding editor-in-chief. It was \"intended to afford a medium for the presentation and analysis of any and all questions of interest or importance in pure and applied Mathematics embracing especially all new and interesting discoveries in theoretical and practical astronomy mechanical philosophy and engineering\". It was published in Des","in an anti-drug context the CCA refused to put its seal on these issues. With the approval of Marvel publisher Martin Goodman Lee had the comics published without the seal. The comics sold well and Marvel won praise for its socially conscious efforts. The CCA subsequently loosened the Code to","current editor-in-chief is Henning Fernau. The journal is abstracted and indexed in Chemical Abstracts Service Compendex DBLP Computer Science Bibliography Inspec MathSciNet Scopus and Zentralblatt","for two additional years. In March 2015 it was confirmed by \"People\" magazine that Spears would release a new single \"Pretty Girls\" with Iggy Azalea on May 4 2015. The song debuted and peaked at number 29 on the \"Billboard\" Hot 100 and charted moderately in international territories. Spears and","announced the acquisition of Patch Media a network of community-specific news and information sites which focuses on individual towns and communities. On September 28 2010 at the San Francisco TechCrunch Disrupt Conference AOL signed an agreement to acquire TechCrunch to further its overall strategy of providing premier online content. On","in early 2006. Digby had been \"Beano\" Chief Sub Editor when Kerr first became editor and later edited \"The Beezer\". Kerr has returned to edit \"BeanoMAX\" as of issue 2 (see below). Following the retirement of Kerr Digby took over as Editor-in-Chief of both titles. Digby retired in 2011 leaving","serving as the magazine's editor-in-chief. At the same time Trudeau began contributing to the \"Yale Daily News\" which eventually led to the creation of \"Bull Tales\" a comic strip parodying the exploits of Yale quarterback Brian Dowling. This strip was the progenitor of \"Doonesbury\". While still an undergraduate at Yale","for a local referendum on the congestion tax signed by 28000 citizens was submitted to the City Council. This right to submit so-called \u201cpeople's initiatives\u201d was inscribed in the Local Government Act which obliged local governments to hold a local referendum if petitioned by 5% of the citizens unless the","it was revealed that the Intermountain Rural Electric Association (an energy cooperative that draws a significant portion of its electricity from coal-burning power plants) donated $100000 to Patrick Michaels and his group New Hope Environmental Services and solicited additional private donations from its members. The Union of Concerned Scientists produced","superheroes?'\" Lee who had served as editor-in-chief and art director of Marvel Comics and its predecessor companies Timely Comics and Atlas Comics for two decades found that the medium had become creatively restrictive. Determined \"to carve a real career for myself in the nowhere world of comic books\" Lee concluded","economics courses in college for four years and everything I was taught was wrong.\" He was a member of the Alpha Delta Phi fraternity and the Fly Club. Roosevelt was undistinguished as a student or athlete but he became editor-in-chief of \"The Harvard Crimson\" daily newspaper a position that required","science fiction meetings were also published at that moment like the Khatru symposium's fanzine \"Women in Science Fiction\" in 1975. \"Femspec\" is a feminist academic journal specializing in speculative fiction including science fiction fantasy magical realism mythic explorations in poetry and post-modern fiction and horror. There is a conscious multicultural","as the editor-in-chief since the dictionary's inception with visitors to the website able to make suggestions for additions or corrections to articles. The dictionary incorporates the text of other free resources such as the Jargon File as well as covering many other computing-related topics. Due to its availability under the","was founded in 1925 White submitted manuscripts to it. Katharine Angell the literary editor recommended to editor-in-chief and founder Harold Ross that White be hired as a staff writer. However it took months to convince him to come to a meeting at the office and additional weeks to convince him","Britannica or A Dictionary of Arts and Sciences compiled upon a New Plan\". In part it was conceived in reaction to the French \"Encyclopédie\" of Denis Diderot and Jean le Rond d'Alembert (published 1751\u201372) which had been inspired by Chambers's \"Cyclopaedia\" (first edition 1728). It went on sale December 10.","work for \"Vogue\" magazine. Before their marriage Hemingway converted to Catholicism. They honeymooned in Le Grau-du-Roi where he contracted anthrax and he planned his next collection of short stories \"Men Without Women\" which was published in October 1927 and included his boxing story \"Fifty Grand\". \"Cosmopolitan\" magazine editor-in-chief Ray Long","Clark Kent's years in college Perry White was promoted to editor-in-chief upon the retirement of the \"Daily Planet\"'s previous editor the Earth-One version of George Taylor. After graduating from Metropolis University with a degree in journalism Clark Kent went to work at the \"Planet\" and quickly met Lois Lane (who","the short-lived \"Sherry the Showgirl\" and \"Showgirls\" for Atlas. In 1960 he and Atlas editor-in-chief Stan Lee co-created the short-lived syndicated comic strip \"Willie Lumpkin\" about a suburban mail carrier for the Chicago-based Publishers Syndicate. A version of the character later appeared as a long-running minor supporting character in Lee's","Dartmouth College graduating in 1925. At Dartmouth he joined the Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity and the humor magazine \"Dartmouth Jack-O-Lantern\" eventually rising to the rank of editor-in-chief. While at Dartmouth he was caught drinking gin with nine friends in his room. At the time the possession and consumption of alcohol","and a few original stories. In 1952 Wollheim left Avon to work for A. A. Wyn at the Ace Magazine Company and spearheaded a new paperback book list Ace Books. In 1953 he introduced science fiction to the Ace lineup and for 20 years as editor-in-chief was responsible for their","policies.\" Dijkstra organized the design of the system in layers in order to reduce the overall complexity of the software. Though the term 'architecture' had not yet been used to describe software design this was certainly considered the first glimpse of software architecture. It introduced a number of design principles"],"title":["Captain America","Cahiers du cinéma","Chaosium","Cold fusion","Cell Cycle (journal)","Cotton Mather","Cecilia Beaux","Stephen Donaldson (activist)","Dewey Decimal Classification","CN Tower","C. Northcote Parkinson","Annals of Mathematics","The Amazing Spider-Man","Algorithms (journal)","Britney Spears","AOL","The Beano","Garry Trudeau","Gothenburg","Global warming controversy","Fantastic Four","Franklin D. Roosevelt","Feminist science fiction","Free On-line Dictionary of Computing","E. B. White","Encyclopædia Britannica","Ernest Hemingway","Daily Planet","Dan DeCarlo","Dr. Seuss","Donald A. Wollheim","Edsger W. Dijkstra"],"word":"editorinchief","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7729","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7765","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6607","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7463","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7104","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6881","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8605","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8699","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6112","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5622","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2785","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=931","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=742","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3382","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1397","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4653","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12367","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11861","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13109","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11664","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10979","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11257","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11324","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9508","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9428","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8964","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9003","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8855","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8843","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10018"]}
	{"docID":[7293],"text":["the amount of free BASIC memory will be lower than the normal 38911 figure. If the faulty chip is in lower memory then an ?OUT OF MEMORY IN 0 error is displayed rather than the usual BASIC startup banner. The color RAM at $D800 uses a separate 2114 SRAM chip"],"title":["Commodore 64"],"word":"editorkern","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7293"]}
	{"docID":[7891],"text":["you want to catch little fish you can stay in the shallow water. But if you want to catch the big fish you've got to go deeper. Down deep the fish are more powerful and more pure. They're huge and abstract. And they're very beautiful. The book weaves a non-linear"],"title":["David Lynch"],"word":"editorproduc","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7891"]}
	{"docID":[11101,931],"text":["allowed people to publish their ideas and views on specific games and their role-playing campaigns. Role-playing fanzines allowed people to communicate in the 1970s and 1980s with complete editorial control in the hands of the players as opposed to the game publishers. These early RPG fanzines were generally typed sold","nascent career with his civilian life as hard-luck yet perpetually good-humored teenager Peter Parker. Peter balanced his career as Spider-Man with his job as a freelance photographer for \"The Daily Bugle\" under the bombastic editor-publisher J. Jonah Jameson to support himself and his frail Aunt May. At the same time"],"title":["Fanzine","The Amazing Spider-Man"],"word":"editorpublish","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11101","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=931"]}
	{"docID":[4380],"text":["earlier version promoting the House of David as the key to national well-being. The editors/authors of the Deuteronomistic history cite a number of sources including (for example) a \"Book of the Acts of Solomon\" and frequently the \"Annals of the Kings of Judah\" and a separate book \"Chronicles of the"],"title":["Books of Kings"],"word":"editorsauthor","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4380"]}
	{"docID":[1938,1235,6321,7586,5703,5884,8487,8478,8699,4953,11101,12216,9742],"text":["younger brother Thomas died at age 43. While owning steel works Carnegie had purchased at low cost the most valuable of the iron ore fields around Lake Superior. The same year Carnegie became a figure of controversy. Following his tour of the UK he wrote about his experiences in a","to pursue other interests \u2013 such as the editorship of a pro-Reformist newspaper. Mackenzie was elected to the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada in 1861 as a supporter of George Brown. In 1867 Mackenzie was elected to the new Canadian House of Commons for the Liberal Party. He","series of appalling anti-Semitic statements. The British media are rightly free to make their own editorial choices but this invitation will cause offence and bemusement not just at home but among friendly countries abroad.\u201d On 15 August 2013 Channel 4 aired a 45-minute documentary on One Direction and their fans","change the name of his magazine to \"The Christadelphian\". which he did in 1869. His editorship of the magazine continued with some assistance until his death in 1898.Roberts was prominent in the period following the death of John Thomas in 1871 and helped craft the structures of the Christadelphian body.","70s where \"New Worlds\" under the editorship of Michael Moorcock began inviting and encouraging stories that examined new writing styles techniques and archetypes. Replacing the celebration of conformity to norms intrinsic in conventional storytelling New Wave authors attempted to present a world where society coped with a constant upheaval of","his own queer name does bestow still queerer ones upon his fictitious creations.\" He contributed to and edited journals throughout his literary career. In January 1835 the \"Morning Chronicle\" launched an evening edition under the editorship of the \"Chronicle\"'s music critic George Hogarth. Hogarth invited Dickens to contribute \"Street Sketches\"","were not his only service to science. He began writing in 1799 as a regular contributor to the \"Edinburgh Magazine\" of which he acted as editor at the age of twenty. In 1807 he undertook the editorship of the newly projected \"Edinburgh Encyclopædia\" of which the first part appeared in","and was the first chairman of this committee. Under his editorship the committee produced a book called \"Language and Public Policy\" (1974) with the aim of informing readers of the extensive scope of doublespeak being used to deliberately mislead and deceive the audience. He highlighted the deliberate public misuses of","largest or of special libraries. It also reduced the size of the Dewey system by over half from 1900 to 700 pages. This revision was so radical that an advisory committee was formed right away for the 16th and 17th editions. The 16th and 17th editions under the editorship of","or of the Italian Peter Martyr (who was staying with Cranmer at the time of the finalising of drafts) or of his chaplain Thomas Becon. However to Cranmer is \"credited the overall job of editorship and the overarching structure of the book\" including the systematic amendment of his materials to","\"Famous Monsters of Filmland.\" \"Gore Creatures\" began in 1961 and continues today as the prozine (and specialty publisher) \"Midnight Marquee.\" \"Garden Ghouls Gazette\" \u2013 a 1960s horror title under the editorship of Dave Keil then Gary Collins\u2014was later headed by Frederick S. Clarke and in 1967 became the respected journal","the cardinality of the power set of a set \"A\" is strictly larger than the cardinality of \"A\". This established the richness of the hierarchy of infinite sets and of the cardinal and ordinal arithmetic that Cantor had defined. His argument is fundamental in the solution of the Halting problem","some non-research publications. The Erdős Number Project web site says: but they do not include non-research publications such as elementary textbooks joint editorships obituaries and the like. The \u201cErdős number of the second kind\u201d restricts assignment of Erdős numbers to papers with only two collaborators. The Erdős number was most"],"title":["Andrew Carnegie","Alexander Mackenzie (politician)","Channel 4","Christadelphians","Cyberpunk","Charles Dickens","David Brewster","Doublespeak","Dewey Decimal Classification","Book of Common Prayer","Fanzine","Georg Cantor","Erdős number"],"word":"editorship","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1938","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1235","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6321","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7586","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5703","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8487","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8478","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8699","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4953","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11101","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12216","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742"]}
	{"docID":[11564,9508],"text":["Publications. The editors-in-chief are Martin Aberhan Dieter Korn and Florian Witzmann (Museum für Naturkunde). The journal is abstracted and indexed in the Science Citation Index Expanded BIOSIS Previews The Zoological Record and Scopus. According to the \"Journal Citation Reports\" the journal has a 2013","from three to 22 years to do so. When Fat'h Ali became the Shah of Persia in 1797 he was given a set of the \"Britannica's\" 3rd edition which he read completely; after this feat he extended his royal title to include \"Most Formidable Lord and Master of the \"Encyclopædia"],"title":["Fossil Record","Encyclopædia Britannica"],"word":"editorsinchief","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11564","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9508"]}
	{"docID":[843],"text":["using it. In Kubrick's opinion\u2014as in the opinion of other readers including the original American editor\u2014the final chapter was unconvincing and inconsistent with the book. \"A Clockwork Orange\" was written in Hove then a senescent seaside town. Burgess had arrived back in Britain after his stint abroad to see that"],"title":["A Clockwork Orange (novel)"],"word":"editorth","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=843"]}
	{"docID":[9752],"text":["the Wentworth letter\u2014a statement by Smith in 1842 to a Chicago newspaper editor\u2014that the church believes in \"the same organization that existed in the"],"title":["Evangelist (Latter Day Saints)"],"word":"editorthat","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752"]}
	{"docID":[9508],"text":["known as the 15th. The 14th and 15th editions were edited every year throughout their runs so that later printings of each were entirely different from early ones. Throughout history the \"Britannica\" has had two aims: to be an excellent reference book and to provide educational material. In 1974 the"],"title":["Encyclopædia Britannica"],"word":"editorwilliam","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9508"]}
	{"docID":[1884],"text":["and not \"art packs\" like on the IBM PC. This kind of ASCII art is handmade in a text editor. Popular editors used to make this kind of ASCII art include CygnusEditor a.k.a. CED (Amiga) and EditPlus2 (PC). Oldskool font example from the PC which was taken from the ASCII"],"title":["ASCII art"],"word":"editplu","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1884"]}
	{"docID":[8927],"text":["for the 2007 Harvey Awards in five categories (more than any other creator for this year) for Uncle Scrooge comics: \"Best Writer\" \"Best Artist\" \"Best Cartoonist\" \"Best Cover Artist\" and \"Special Award for Humor in Comics.\" In 2013 Rosa received the Bill Finger Award which recognises excellence in comic book"],"title":["Don Rosa"],"word":"editric","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8927"]}
	{"docID":[8713],"text":["of Democracy an online protest against the recently passed Communications Decency Act. As part of the protest over 1000 people among them Microsoft chairman Bill Gates posted essays to the Web on the subject of democracy civil liberty and freedom of speech. In December 1999 Winer became the \"proprietor of"],"title":["Dave Winer"],"word":"editthispagecom","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8713"]}
	{"docID":[1425],"text":["Fanna numbers were often used in conjunction with CE numbers. Combined Complete Edition (CE)/Fanna numbering was especially common in the work of Italian groups driving the mid-20th century revival of Vivaldi such as Gli Accademici di Milano under Piero Santi. For example the Bassoon Concerto in B major \"La Notte\""],"title":["Antonio Vivaldi"],"word":"edizioni","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1425"]}
	{"docID":[4294,2637,10775,11028],"text":["Germany's National Democratic Party (NPD) Sweden's National Democrats and Hungary's Jobbik. Griffin unsuccessfully urged the NPD to move away from Neo-Nazism and embark on the same 'modernisation' project that he had taken the BNP. Jean-Marie Le Pen of the French Front National was the guest of honour at an \"Anglo-French","EDL is higher than that from an HCL and the line width is generally narrower but EDLs need a separate power supply and might need a longer time to stabilize. Deuterium HCL or even hydrogen HCL and deuterium discharge lamps are used in LS AAS for background correction purposes. The","a satisfactory state it was then used to make an edit decision list (EDL). The negative cutter referred to this list while processing the negative splitting the shots into rolls which were then contact printed to produce the final film print or answer print. Today production companies have the option","which is why the decay process in the archival community is known as \"vinegar syndrome\". Modern polyester-based stocks are far more stable by comparison and are rated to last hundreds of years if stored properly. The distinction between camera stocks and print stocks involves a difference in the recording process."],"title":["British National Party","Atomic absorption spectroscopy","Film editing","Film stock"],"word":"edl","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4294","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2637","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10775","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11028"]}
	{"docID":[11339],"text":["ECSSL<br> ed<br> EDA<br> e-ddress<br> Eden<br> EDF<br> EDI<br> EDIF<br> EDIFACT<br> Edinburgh Multi Access System<br> Edinburgh Prolog<br> Edinburgh SML<br> Edison<br> EDL<br> EDM<br> EdML<br> EDMS<br> EDO DRAM<br> EDO memory<br> EDO RAM<br> EDP<br> EDRAM<br> e-dress<br> EDS+<br> edu<br> edutainment<br> Edward Lorenz<br> Edward Yourdon<br> ee<br> EEMA<br> EEPROM<br> EER<br> E. F. Codd<br> EFF<br> effective computable<br> effective number"],"title":["Wikipedia:Free On-line Dictionary of Computing/E - H"],"word":"edlbr","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11339"]}
	{"docID":[11646],"text":["Eugen Böhm von Bawerk one of the founders of the Austrian School of Economics. Friedrich's paternal grandfather Gustav Edler von Hayek taught natural sciences at the Imperial \"Realobergymnasium\" (secondary school) in Vienna. He wrote systematic works in biology some of which are relatively well known. On his mother's side Hayek"],"title":["Friedrich Hayek"],"word":"edler","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11646"]}
	{"docID":[9771],"text":["descendants for example) use ed-like syntax. These editors however are typically more limited in function. Here is an example transcript of an ed session. For clarity commands and text typed by the user are in normal face and output from ed is emphasized. The end result is a simple text"],"title":["Ed (text editor)"],"word":"edlik","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771"]}
	{"docID":[9771,9772],"text":["line-based editors. For example EDLIN in early MS-DOS versions and 32-bit versions of Windows NT has a somewhat similar syntax and text editors in many MUDs (LPMud and descendants for example) use ed-like syntax. These editors however are typically more limited in function. Here is an example transcript of an","file editor in scripts by redirecting a series of edlin commands. A GPL-licensed clone of Edlin that includes long filename support is available for download as part of the FreeDOS project. This runs on operating systems"],"title":["Ed (text editor)","Edlin"],"word":"edlin","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9772"]}
	{"docID":[7839],"text":["Bengt Edlén following the work of Grotrian (1939) first identified the coronal spectral lines in 1940 (observed since 1869) as transitions from low-lying metastable levels of the ground configuration of highly ionised metals (the green Fe-XIV line at 5303 Å but also the red line Fe-X at 6374 Å). These high stages"],"title":["Corona"],"word":"edln","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7839"]}
	{"docID":[4294],"text":["Front Germany's National Democratic Party (NPD) Sweden's National Democrats and Hungary's Jobbik. Griffin unsuccessfully urged the NPD to move away from Neo-Nazism and embark on the same 'modernisation' project that he had taken the BNP. Jean-Marie Le Pen of the French Front National was the guest of honour at an"],"title":["British National Party"],"word":"edlwith","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4294"]}
	{"docID":[4233,9908,12474,12366,12334,9967,10011,9510,8092,8683,5762],"text":["France into an affluent bourgeois family. Her father Edmé Tiburce Morisot was the prefect (senior administrator) of the department of Cher. He also studied architecture at École des Beaux Arts. Her mother Marie-Joséphine-Cornélie Thomas was the great-niece of Jean-Honoré Fragonard one of the most prolific Rococo painters of the ancien","to Edme Mariotte and is sometimes referred to as Mariotte's law. However Mariotte's work was not published until 1676. In 1787 the French physicist Jacques Charles found that oxygen nitrogen hydrogen carbon dioxide and air expand to roughly the same extent over the same 80-kelvin interval. Later in 1802 Joseph","White in the notes to his Bampton Lectures produces a long extract. Sale who in his translation of the Koran notices this Gospel likewise had a MS. of it which after his death was purchased by the Rev. Edm. Calamy who permitted a copy to be taken by Mr. John","more efficient making more steel per tonne of electrode. An estimate based on USGS data indicates that graphite electrode consumption was 197000 tonnes in 2005. Electrolytic aluminium smelting also uses graphitic carbon electrodes. On a much smaller scale synthetic graphite electrodes are used in electrical discharge machining (EDM) commonly to","an international sporting event for instance an alternative song is used: In April 2007 there was an early day motion number 1319 to the British Parliament to propose that there should be a separate England anthem: \"That this House ... believes that all English sporting associations should adopt an appropriate","EDM EDM or E-DM may refer to:","of Edmé Boursault's \"Letters of Respect Gratitude and Love\" (\"Lettres de respect d'obligation et d'amour\") (1669) a group of letters written to a girl named Babet were expanded and became more and more distinct from the other letters until it formed a small epistolary novel entitled \"Letters to Babet\" (\"Lettres","hip hop and EDM. In the 1980s electronic music became more dominant in popular music with a greater reliance on synthesizers and the adoption of programmable drum machines such as the Roland TR-808 and bass synthesizers such as the TB-303. In the early 1980s digital technologies for synthesizers including digital","drum and bass music; the majority of them funded by listener and artist donations. Drum and bass was supported by Ministry of Sound radio from the early 2000s until 2014 and later featuring Tuesday shows from labels such as Metalheadz Fabio & Grooverider DJ Marky Viper Recordings Shogun Audio and","Gender and the DJ Battle\" stated that \"very few women [do turntablism] battle[s]; the matter has been a topic of conversation among hip-hop DJs for years.\" In 2010 Rebekah Farrugia states \"the male-centricity of EDM culture\" contributes to \"a marginalisation of women in these [EDM] spaces.\" While turntablism and broader","used for accurate measurement of angular deviation horizontal vertical and slope distances. With computerisation electronic distance measurement (EDM) total stations GPS surveying and laser scanning have to a large extent supplanted traditional instruments. Data collected by survey measurement is converted into a graphical representation of the Earth's surface in the"],"title":["Berthe Morisot","Equation of state","Gospel of Barnabas","Graphite","God Save the Queen","EDM","Epistolary novel","Electronic music","Drum and bass","Disc jockey","Civil engineering"],"word":"edm","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4233","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9908","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12474","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12366","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12334","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9967","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10011","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9510","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8092","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8683","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5762"]}
	{"docID":[4233],"text":["withdrawal from painting. Edma wholeheartedly supported Berthe's continued work and their families always remained close. Edma wrote \"\u201c\u2026 I am often with you in thought dear Berthe. I\u2019m in your studio and I like to slip away if only for a quarter of an hour to breathe that atmosphere that"],"title":["Berthe Morisot"],"word":"edma","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4233"]}
	{"docID":[3974,6310],"text":["for determining sequence information. Protein sequence can be determined by Edman degradation in which the N-terminal residues are hydrolyzed from the chain one at a time derivatized and then identified. Mass spectrometer techniques can also be used. Nucleic acid sequence can be determined using gel electrophoresis and capillary electrophoresis. Lastly","Verrilli Jr. Dwight D. Eisenhower served as the thirteenth president of Columbia University from 1948 to 1953. The university has also educated 26 foreign heads of state including President of Georgia Mikheil Saakashvili President of East Timor Jose Ramos Horta President of Estonia Toomas Hendrik Ilves and other historical figures"],"title":["Biopolymer","Columbia University"],"word":"edman","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3974","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6310"]}
	{"docID":[11339],"text":["ed<br> EDA<br> e-ddress<br> Eden<br> EDF<br> EDI<br> EDIF<br> EDIFACT<br> Edinburgh Multi Access System<br> Edinburgh Prolog<br> Edinburgh SML<br> Edison<br> EDL<br> EDM<br> EdML<br> EDMS<br> EDO DRAM<br> EDO memory<br> EDO RAM<br> EDP<br> EDRAM<br> e-dress<br> EDS+<br> edu<br> edutainment<br> Edward Lorenz<br> Edward Yourdon<br> ee<br> EEMA<br> EEPROM<br> EER<br> E. F. Codd<br> EFF<br> effective computable<br> effective number of"],"title":["Wikipedia:Free On-line Dictionary of Computing/E - H"],"word":"edmbr","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11339"]}
	{"docID":[11339],"text":["EDA<br> e-ddress<br> Eden<br> EDF<br> EDI<br> EDIF<br> EDIFACT<br> Edinburgh Multi Access System<br> Edinburgh Prolog<br> Edinburgh SML<br> Edison<br> EDL<br> EDM<br> EdML<br> EDMS<br> EDO DRAM<br> EDO memory<br> EDO RAM<br> EDP<br> EDRAM<br> e-dress<br> EDS+<br> edu<br> edutainment<br> Edward Lorenz<br> Edward Yourdon<br> ee<br> EEMA<br> EEPROM<br> EER<br> E. F. Codd<br> EFF<br> effective computable<br> effective number of bits<br>"],"title":["Wikipedia:Free On-line Dictionary of Computing/E - H"],"word":"edmlbr","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11339"]}
	{"docID":[11129,11958,9428,9615,12406,12307,9693,9668,10005,10315,10473,10802,4165,4294,4385,880,3019,1979,1997,983,1210,4615,3470,1881,1924,713,339,8091,7543,6363,6371,7179,6654,8237,8420,5962,4820],"text":["published by Edmond Halley and Isaac Newton in 1712 without Flamsteed's approval. The final version of Flamsteed's catalogue published in 1725 after his death omitted the numerical designations altogether. The numbers now in use were assigned by the French astronomer Joseph Jérôme de Lalande and appeared in his 1783 almanac","them. (#768) In 1707 Berkeley published two treatises on mathematics. In 1734 he published \"The Analyst\" subtitled \"A DISCOURSE Addressed to an Infidel Mathematician\" a critique of calculus. Florian Cajori called this treatise \"the most spectacular event of the century in the history of British mathematics.\" However a recent study","born on July 21 1899 in Oak Park Illinois a suburb of Chicago. His father Clarence Edmonds Hemingway was a physician and his mother Grace Hall Hemingway was a musician. Both were well-educated and well-respected in Oak Park a conservative community about which resident Frank Lloyd Wright said \"So many","judge who expected Édouard to pursue a career in law. His uncle Edmond Fournier encouraged him to pursue painting and took young Manet to the Louvre. In 1841 he enrolled at secondary school the Collège Rollin. In 1845 at the advice of his uncle Manet enrolled in a special course","his picture of \"Judith and Holofernes\". Political disturbances compelled Rossini to leave Bologna in 1848. After living for a time in Florence he settled in Paris in 1855 where he hosted many artistic and literary figures in his apartment at 2 Rue de la Chaussée-d'Antin. Among them was the forty","had a close friendship and correspondence with George Sand. He occasionally visited Parisian acquaintances including Émile Zola Alphonse Daudet Ivan Turgenev and Edmond and Jules de Goncourt. The 1870s were a difficult time for Flaubert. Prussian soldiers occupied his house during the War of 1870 and his mother died in","of an \"\"\" Stephen Edmonds in the \"Oxford Dictionary of National Biography\" wrote that in 1910 Mathew's wife separated from him; that same year he declared himself and his church seceded from the Union of Utrecht. Within a few months on 2 November 1911 he was excommunicated by the Roman","der Natur\" (\"Art forms of nature\"). Haeckel did not support natural selection rather believing in Lamarckism. Haeckel advanced a version of the earlier recapitulation theory previously set out by Étienne Serres in the 1820s and supported by followers of Étienne Geoffroy Saint-Hilaire including Robert Edmond Grant. It proposed a link","principles. Other people he influenced included Kurt Hahn Adolphe Ferrière and Edmond Demolins. His ideas also reached Japan where it turned into \"Taisho-era Free Education Movement\" (Taisho Jiyu Kyoiku Undo) In the United States the \"Progressive Education Movement\" starting in the 1880s and lasting for sixty years helped boost American","by the Office of Alien Property Custodian during World War I. Following the end of World War I Armstrong enlisted representation by the law firm of Pennie Davis Martin and Edmonds. In order to finance his legal expenses he began issuing non-transferable licenses for use of the regenerative patents to","Bern. He was able to inspire students and taught them to think clearly and logically. Specifically Kocher also taught a generation of Jewish-Russian students who could not study in Russia. This association with Russia has also led the Russian geographic society to name a volcano after him (in the area","in \"Out of the Past\" (1947). The iconic noir counterpart to the femme fatale the private eye came to the fore in films such as \"The Maltese Falcon\" (1941) with Humphrey Bogart as Sam Spade and \"Murder My Sweet\" (1944) with Dick Powell as Philip Marlowe. Other seminal noir sleuths","wings the Everett factory received robotic machinery to automate the process of drilling holes and inserting fasteners. This method of wing construction expanded on techniques developed for the 747. Final assembly of the first aircraft began in July 1979. The prototype aircraft registered N767BA and equipped with JT9D turbofans rolled","prominent British fascist Arnold Leese. The BNP adheres to an ideology of ethnic nationalism. It promotes the idea that not all citizens of the United Kingdom belong to the British nation. Instead it claims that the nation only belongs to \"the English Scots Irish and Welsh along with the limited","\"business sectors\" a process known as sectorisation. The Anglia Region was created in late 1987 its first General Manager being John Edmonds who began his appointment on 19 October 1987. Full separation from the Eastern Region \u2013 apart from engineering design needs \u2013 occurred on 29 April 1988. It handled","final release before disbanding was a Top 5 hit in the Netherlands and Belgium. \"I Am the City\" and \"Just Like That\" were left unreleased on \"The Singles: The First Ten Years\" for possible inclusion on the next projected studio album though this never came to fruition. \"I Am the","Rich\". In Chicago one newspaper headline included \"His Holiness Visits Us Not Pius X but A. Baha\" and `Abdu'l-Bahá's visit to California was reported in the \"Palo Altan\". Back in Europe he visited London Paris (where he stayed for two months) Stuttgart Budapest and Vienna. Finally on June 12 1913","an absolute magnitude of +15.60 which is only a small fraction of the Sun's luminosity. By mass Proxima is calculated as (rounded to ) or about one-eighth that of the Sun. All components of Alpha Centauri display significant proper motions against the background sky similar to the first-magnitude stars Sirius","of non-Euclidean geometry and Abelian integrals in order to bring the old algebraic ideas back into the geometrical fold. The first of these new developments was seized up by Edmond Laguerre and Arthur Cayley who attempted to ascertain the generalized metric properties of projective space. Cayley introduced the idea of","a character named Patrice Mersault comparable to \"The Stranger\"'s Meursault. There is scholarly debate as to the relationship between the two books. The second was an unfinished novel \"The First Man\" (1995) which Camus was writing before he died. The novel was an autobiographical work about his childhood in Algeria.","by their colleague Jean Picard in 1669 as thousand \"toises\". Another colleague Ole Rømer discovered the finite speed of light in 1676: the speed was so great that it was usually quoted as the time required for light to travel from the Sun to the Earth or \"light time per","superior to the large number of archers in the English army whom the French (based on their experience in recent memory of using and facing archers) considered relatively insignificant. For example the chronicler Edmond de Dyntner stated that there were \"ten French nobles against one English\" ignoring the archers completely.","the AfroBasket the continent's prime basketball event. The nation's principal media outlet is its state-sponsored combined television and radio service \"Radiodiffusion-Télévision Burkina\" (RTB). \"RTB\" broadcasts on two medium-wave (AM) and several FM frequencies. Besides RTB there are privately owned sports cultural music and religious FM radio stations. \"RTB\" maintains a","1925 Exposition of Decorative Arts he had his own pavilion designed a dining room with a table settling and matching glass ceiling for the Sèvres Pavilion and designed a glass fountain for the courtyard of the Cours des Métier a slender glass column which spouted water from the sides and","a new constellation Malus to replace Lacaille's Pyxis but the idea did not catch on.. Similarly an effort by Edmond Halley to detatch the \"cloud of mist\" at the prow of Argo Navis to form a new constellation named \"Robur Carolinum\" (Charles' Oak) in honor of his patron King Charles","fleshy androids was popularized by Edmond Hamilton's Captain Future (1940\u20131944). Although Karel Čapek's robots in \"R.U.R. (Rossum's Universal Robots)\" (1921)\u2014the play that introduced the word \"robot\" to the world\u2014were organic artificial humans the word \"robot\" has come to primarily refer to mechanical humans animals and other beings. The term \"android\"","Nietzsche. Able to read French German and Russian Rand also discovered the writers Fyodor Dostoevsky Victor Hugo Edmond Rostand and Friedrich Schiller who became her perennial favorites. Along with many other \"bourgeois\" students Rand was purged from the university shortly before graduating. After complaints from a group of visiting foreign","he passed the entrance exam for Brentwood School an independent school whose alumni include Robin Day Jack Straw Noel Edmonds and David Irving. Griff Rhys Jones was a year below him and he was in the same class as Stuckist artist Charles Thomson. He attended the prep school from 1959","\"On the Computational Complexity of Algorithms\" by Juris Hartmanis and Richard E. Stearns which laid out the definitions of time complexity and space complexity and proved the hierarchy theorems. In addition in 1965 Edmonds suggested to consider a \"good\" algorithm to be one with running time bounded by a polynomial","times as bright as the Sun. It was first discovered to be unusual in 1677 when its magnitude suddenly rose to 4 attracting the attention of Edmond Halley. Eta Carinae is inside NGC 3372 commonly called the Carina Nebula. It had a long outburst in 1827 when it brightened to","billion years. This has prompted suspicion that Omega Centauri was the core of a dwarf galaxy that had been absorbed by the Milky Way. Omega Centauri was determined to be nonstellar in 1677 by the English astronomer Edmond Halley though it was visible as a star to the ancients. Its","as screenwriter improviser and voice actor of the main character The Bard. In 2009 Elwes reunited with Jason Alexander for the Indian film \"Delhi Safari\". The following year Elwes portrayed the part of Gremlin Gus in Disney's video game '. In 2014 he appeared in ' as the voice of","acquired catcher Jason Kendall from Oakland. Kendall was highly successful with his management of the pitching rotation and helped at the plate as well. By September Geovany Soto became the full-time starter behind the plate replacing the veteran Kendall. Winning streaks in June and July coupled with a pair of","(1884) and Edmond Rostand's \"Cyrano de Bergerac\" (1897) as well as the word \"quixotic\" and the epithet \"Lothario\"; the latter refers to a character in \"El curioso impertinente\" (\"The Impertinently Curious Man\") an intercalated story that appears in Part One chapters 33\u201335. Arthur Schopenhauer cited \"Don Quixote\" as one of","with crocodile bones until then. The supposed \"white dodo\" (or \"solitaire\") of Réunion is now considered an erroneous conjecture based on contemporary reports of the Réunion ibis and 17th-century paintings of white dodo-like birds by Pieter Withoos and Pieter Holsteyn that surfaced in the 19th century. The confusion began when","Brahe demonstrated that comets must exist outside the Earth's atmosphere by measuring the parallax of the Great Comet of 1577 from observations collected by geographically separated observers. Within the precision of the measurements this implied the comet must be at least four times more distant than from the Earth to","in the Zionist Organization. Weizmann responded that he believed the English are to London as the Jews are to Jerusalem. In January 1914 Weizmann first met Baron Edmond de Rothschild a member of the French branch of the Rothschild family and a leading proponent of the Zionist movement in relation"],"title":["Flamsteed designation","George Berkeley","Ernest Hemingway","Édouard Manet","Gioachino Rossini","Gustave Flaubert","Episcopi vagantes","Ernst Haeckel","Progressive education","Edwin Howard Armstrong","Emil Theodor Kocher","Film noir","Boeing 767","British National Party","British Rail","ABBA","`Abdu'l-Bahá","Alpha Centauri","Algebraic geometry","Albert Camus","Astronomical unit","Battle of Agincourt","Burkina Faso","Art Deco","Argo Navis","Android (robot)","Ayn Rand","Douglas Adams","Computational complexity theory","Carina (constellation)","Centaurus","Cary Elwes","Chicago Cubs","Don Quixote","Dodo","Comet","Balfour Declaration"],"word":"edmond","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11129","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11958","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9428","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9615","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12406","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12307","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9668","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10005","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10315","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10473","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10802","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4165","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4294","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4385","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=880","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3019","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1979","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1997","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=983","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1210","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4615","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3470","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1881","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1924","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=713","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=339","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8091","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7543","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6363","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6371","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7179","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6654","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8237","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8420","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4820"]}
	{"docID":[11968],"text":["imposed an excise tax on distilled spirits partly as a result of the Copper Panic of 1789 and this led to protests in frontier districts especially Pennsylvania. Washington ordered the protesters to appear in U.S. district court but the protests turned into full-scale defiance of federal authority in 1794 known"],"title":["George Washington"],"word":"edmondcharl","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11968"]}
	{"docID":[5401],"text":["Annelids such as \"Serpulites\" are common fossils in some horizons. Among the mollusca the bivalves continue to increase in numbers and importance. Typical genera include \"Aviculopecten\" \"Posidonomya\" \"Nucula\" \"Carbonicola\" \"Edmondia\" and \"Modiola\" Gastropods are also numerous including the genera \"Murchisonia\" \"Euomphalus\" \"Naticopsis\". Nautiloid cephalopods are represented by tightly coiled nautilids"],"title":["Carboniferous"],"word":"edmondia","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5401"]}
	{"docID":[8138,11054,10017],"text":["Mantova in 1963 where he spent four seasons making 131 appearances. His performances for Mantova in the top flight caught the attention of larger clubs while Italy's national coach at the time Edmondo Fabbri even considered bringing him as a back-up for the 1966 FIFA World Cup although he ultimately","Sergio Panunzio and Edmondo Rossoni who were committed to advancing national syndicalism as a replacement for parliamentary liberalism in order to modernize the economy and advance the interests of workers and common people. The \"Fascist right\" included members of the paramilitary \"Squadristi\" and former members of the Italian Nationalist Association","elements. In addition to sculpture he also produced illustrations for the works of Edmondo De Amicis published by the Treves publishing house. Ximenes was involved in many of the major official monumental projects in Italy from the 1880s on and devoted his energies as from 1911 primarily to"],"title":["Dino Zoff","Fascism","Ettore Ximenes"],"word":"edmondo","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8138","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11054","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10017"]}
	{"docID":[5771,4348,4326],"text":["a bronze sculpture of \"The Muse of Poetry\" by Edward Onslow Ford was erected by subscription in Buttermarket Canterbury in 1891. In July 2002 a memorial window to Marlowe \u2013 a gift of the Marlowe Society \u2013 was unveiled in Poets' Corner in Westminster Abbey. Controversially a question mark was","the station tended to have a higher level of speech by DJs. While the station is often criticised for \"waffling\" by presenters an experimental \"more music day\" in 1988 was declared a failure after only a third of callers favoured it. Radio 1 has a public service broadcasting obligation to","series heralded the more frequent recruitment of comic actors from the famed \"alternative\" era for guest appearances including Robbie Coltrane Rik Mayall (who had appeared in the final episode of the first series as \"Mad Gerald\") Adrian Edmondson Nigel Planer Mark Arden Stephen Frost Chris Barrie and Jeremy Hardy. Elton"],"title":["Christopher Marlowe","BBC Radio 1","Blackadder"],"word":"edmondson","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5771","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4348","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4326"]}
	{"docID":[4560],"text":["Princess Isabella). Elizabeth Ewan describes \"Braveheart\" as a film that \"almost totally sacrifices historical accuracy for epic adventure\". The \"brave heart\" refers in Scottish history to that of Robert the Bruce and an attribution by William Edmondstoune Aytoun in his poem \"Heart of Bruce\" to Sir James the Good Douglas:"],"title":["Braveheart"],"word":"edmondstoun","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4560"]}
	{"docID":[12230],"text":["1968. He was adopted by W. G. Coleman a fork-lift operator and Edmonia Sue a nurse practitioner. Due to focal segmental glomerulosclerosis (a congenital chronic kidney disease) and the corticosteroids and other medications used to treat it his growth was limited to and his face retained a childlike appearance well"],"title":["Gary Coleman"],"word":"edmonia","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12230"]}
	{"docID":[8795,9051,12556,4543,880,4188,3921,717,657,1841,5959,8618,5197,6999,6963,6340,6520,8209,8402],"text":["place with a 17\u201357\u20136 record for only 40 points. This was the same year that the Red Wings added enforcer Bob Probert one of the most familiar faces of the team in the 1980s and '90s. In the 1986\u201387 season with Yzerman now the captain following the departure of Danny","kicker can recover the kick. When a drop kick goes out of bounds possession on the next scrimmage goes to the non-kicking team. On September 8 1974 Tom Wilkinson quarterback for the Edmonton Eskimos unsuccessfully attempted a drop kick field goal in the final seconds of a 24\u20132 romp over","Red Wings St. Louis Blues and the Washington Capitals. In 1978-79 Bailey returned to Edmonton to play with the Edmonton Oilers of the World Hockey Association where he took rookie Wayne Gretzky under his wing. He was head coach of the Wichita Wind the Oilers' Central Hockey League affiliate in","an orange and white logo. Former NBA player Theodore Edwards was nicknamed \"Blue\". Fifteen NBA teams feature the colour in their uniforms. The","group's sixth studio album \"Voulez-Vous\" was released in April 1979 the title track of which was recorded at the famous Criteria Studios in Miami Florida with the assistance of recording engineer Tom Dowd amongst others. The album topped the charts across Europe and in Japan and Mexico hit the Top","I actually saw it being done. According to José Férez Kuri author of \"Brion Gysin: Tuning in to the Multimedia Age\" (2003) and co-curator of a major retrospective of the artist's work at The Edmonton Art Gallery in 1998 Gysin's wide range of \"radical ideas would become a source of","in a 2\u20131 Stanford victory. Women's basketball development was more structured than that for men in the early years. In 1905 the Executive Committee on Basket Ball Rules (National Women's Basketball Committee) was created by the American Physical Education Association. These rules called for six to nine players per team","has most of western Canada's oil refinery capacity. Calgary is located approximately south of Edmonton and north of Montana surrounded by extensive ranching country. Almost 75% of the province's population lives in the Calgary\u2013Edmonton Corridor. The land grant policy to the railroads served as a means to populate the province","any further treatment. By 2015 Canadian bitumen upgraders were producing over per day of synthetic crude oil of which 75% was exported to oil refineries in the United States. In Alberta five bitumen upgraders produce synthetic crude oil and a variety of other products: The Suncor Energy upgrader near Fort","extraction industry. In 2007 there were 146900 people working in the mining and oil and gas extraction industry. According to \"Alberta Venture\" magazine's list of the 50 largest employers in the province the largest employers are: Alberta is the largest producer of conventional crude oil synthetic crude natural gas and","responsible for this cleanup.\" In February 2014 Harrison called for immediate action to phase-out DOT-111 tank cars known to be more dangerous in cases of derailment. On 12 October 2014 it was reported that Canadian Pacific had tried to enter into a merger with American Railway CSX but was unsuccessful.","in 2016 or 2017. Beckham was born at Whipps Cross University Hospital in Leytonstone London England. He is the son of Sandra Georgina (née West; b. 1949) a hairdresser and David Edward Alan \"Ted\" Beckham (b. Edmonton London July\u2013September 1948) a kitchen fitter who married at the London Borough of","to work. This compares to 80.0% that got to work using a car (72.3% by driving 7.7% as a passenger) 6.4% that walked and 1.3% that rode a bike. There are three rapid transit systems operating in Canada: the Montreal Metro the Toronto subway and the Vancouver SkyTrain. There is","a thriving stage theatre scene since the late 1800s. Theatre festivals draw many tourists in the summer months especially the Stratford Shakespeare Festival in Stratford Ontario and the Shaw Festival in Niagara-on-the-Lake Ontario. The Famous People Players are only one of many touring companies that have also developed an international","the provinces has also never hosted a CFL game. Canadian football is played at several levels in Canada; the top league is the professional nine-team Canadian Football League (CFL). The CFL regular season begins in June and playoffs for the Grey Cup are completed by mid-November. In cities with outdoor","Harbour Expressway in Thunder Bay.) Sometimes the term \"Parkway\" is also used (for example the Hanlon Parkway in Guelph). In Saskatchewan the term 'grid road' is used to refer to minor highways or rural roads usually gravel referring to the 'grid' upon which they were originally designed. In Quebec freeways","Star\" featured \"reports that vandals may be targeting the tiny vehicles in a 21st-century take on tipping cows\" in Amsterdam Edmonton and elsewhere; and a 2014 article in \"USA Today\" used the phrase \"\" to describe the act. The \"Star\" noted that at the small cars weigh about the same","has consistently had high viewership levels for the evening on which the episode is broadcast. The BBC One broadcast of \"Rose\" the first episode of the 2005 revival drew an average audience of 10.81 million third highest for BBC One that week and seventh across all channels. The current revival also","Qualification is based on achieving minimum scores at earlier competitions in the season although athletes who place very highly at a national championship will be automatically qualified to compete at the next. Divers must qualify at two different competitions at least one of which must be a level 1 competition"],"title":["Detroit Red Wings","Drop kick","Garnet Bailey","Blue","ABBA","Brion Gysin","Basketball","Alberta","Asphalt","Economy of Alberta","Canadian Pacific Railway","David Beckham","Transportation in Canada","Culture of Canada","Canadian football","Canadian English","Cow tipping","Doctor Who","Diving"],"word":"edmonton","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8795","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9051","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12556","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4543","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=880","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4188","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3921","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=717","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=657","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1841","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5959","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8618","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5197","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6340","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6520","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8209","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8402"]}
	{"docID":[8311,1367],"text":["one of the most valuable dinosaur fossils was discovered in the Gobi Desert in 1971. It included a \"Velociraptor\" attacking a \"Protoceratops\" providing evidence that dinosaurs did indeed attack each other. Additional evidence for attacking live prey is the partially healed tail of an \"Edmontosaurus\" a hadrosaurid dinosaur; the tail","in the deltas and floodplains of large rivers during the later half of Horseshoe Canyon times. The fauna of the Horseshoe Canyon Formation is well-known as vertebrate fossils including those of dinosaurs are quite common. Sharks rays sturgeons bowfins gars and the gar-like \"Aspidorhynchus\" made up the fish fauna. Mammals"],"title":["Dinosaur","Albertosaurus"],"word":"edmontosauru","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8311","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1367"]}
	{"docID":[11339],"text":["e-ddress<br> Eden<br> EDF<br> EDI<br> EDIF<br> EDIFACT<br> Edinburgh Multi Access System<br> Edinburgh Prolog<br> Edinburgh SML<br> Edison<br> EDL<br> EDM<br> EdML<br> EDMS<br> EDO DRAM<br> EDO memory<br> EDO RAM<br> EDP<br> EDRAM<br> e-dress<br> EDS+<br> edu<br> edutainment<br> Edward Lorenz<br> Edward Yourdon<br> ee<br> EEMA<br> EEPROM<br> EER<br> E. F. Codd<br> EFF<br> effective computable<br> effective number of bits<br> Effort"],"title":["Wikipedia:Free On-line Dictionary of Computing/E - H"],"word":"edmsbr","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11339"]}
	{"docID":[11188,11181,11246,11319,12216,13224,13010,11646,11545,11508,11968,11958,11935,11673,12598,12601,12789,12622,12557,10576,9316,9247,9302,12333,12426,12466,8958,8972,9516,9480,9593,9518,9536,9514,10083,10183,10030,10128,9933,9824,9657,9896,9695,10354,10374,10510,10310,10293,10245,10358,1583,1484,1394,3875,3764,771,791,4431,4326,4353,4329,4240,2834,2717,2030,2029,2122,1973,3077,2919,2268,2339,2176,2179,2236,2397,2427,4481,4545,4652,4517,4484,4069,984,1203,1000,1143,1778,1624,12,665,3460,8302,5046,5962,5804,5942,6237,6046,6195,6310,6675,6677,6813,5643,5635,5679,5664,6449,6438,6643,6366,7593,7668,6997,7081,6886,7235,7233,7499,5370,5321,5388,5360,4953,4941],"text":["upholding the ideals of the Revolution. The conservative Catholic enemies of the Revolution came to power in Vichy France (1940\u201344) and tried with little success to undo its heritage but they kept it a republic. Vichy denied the principle of equality and tried to replace the Revolutionary watchwords \"Liberty Equality","utter seriousness\" and that his \"singing and the classically influenced settings gave the songs unusual depth of meaning\". He was soon selling ten million records a year. Such was Sinatra's command at Columbia that his love of conducting was indulged with the release of the set \"Frank Sinatra Conducts the","Oldcastle had almost certainly been allowed by Master of the Revels Edmund Tilney. William Brooke 10th Baron Cobham may have become aware of the offensive representation after a public performance; he may also have learned of it while it was being prepared for a court performance (Cobham was at that","in February 1611. Throughout this period Bacon managed to stay in the favour of the king while retaining the confidence of the Commons. In 1613 Bacon was finally appointed attorney general after advising the king to shuffle judicial appointments. As attorney general Bacon by his zealous efforts\u2014which included torture\u2014to obtain","numbers with pantheism. Cantor even sent one letter directly to Pope Leo XIII himself and addressed several pamphlets to him. Cantor's philosophy on the nature of numbers led him to affirm a belief in the freedom of mathematics to posit and prove concepts apart from the realm of physical phenomena","mighty Prussian army was a hollow shell. Napoleon easily crushed it at the Battle of Jena (1806). Napoleon occupied Berlin and Prussia paid dearly. Prussia lost its recently acquired territories in western Germany its army was reduced to 42000 men no trade with Britain was allowed and Berlin had to","to take an automobile into the city. In the front car was Fehim Čurčić the mayor of Sarajevo and Dr. Edmund Gerde the city's Commissioner of Police. Franz Ferdinand and Sophie were in the second car with Oskar Potiorek and Lieutenant Colonel Count Franz von Harrach. The car's top was","conservatism shares many opinions on economics with classical liberals particularly a belief in the free market he believed it is because conservatism wants to \"stand still\" whereas liberalism embraces the free market because it \"wants to go somewhere.\" Hayek identified himself as a classical liberal but noted that in the","of chicken incubators and chemical furnaces. In 1745 the windmill was improved by blacksmith Edmund Lee who added a fantail to keep the face of the windmill pointing into the wind. In 1787 Thomas Mead regulated the rotation speed of a windmill by using a centrifugal pendulum to adjust the","would give a birth year of around 1541. He was the eldest of the twelve sons of Edmund Drake (1518\u20131585) a Protestant farmer and his wife Mary Mylwaye. The first son was alleged to have been named after his godfather Francis Russell 2nd Earl of Bedford. Because of religious persecution","serving a second term Washington refused to run for a third establishing the tradition of a maximum of two terms for a president which was solidified by Thomas Jefferson and James Madison. During his first term in office Washington had to contend with major problems old and new. The United","sort of linear development involving three great \"British Empiricists\" leading from Locke through Berkeley to Hume. Berkeley influenced many modern philosophers especially David Hume. Thomas Reid admitted that he put forward a drastic criticism of Berkeleianism after he had been an admirer of Berkeley's philosophical system for a long time.","Gerhard Schröder led the coalition of SPD and Greens to an eleven-seat victory over the Christian Democrat challengers headed by Edmund Stoiber (CSU). Three factors are generally cited that enabled Schröder to win the elections despite poor approval ratings a few months before and a weaker economy: good handling of","series \"Mr. Ingrams\" who is caught in his room with a blow-up doll. In an interview for the \"TV Characters\" edition of Channel 4's 'talking heads' strand 100 Greatest (in which Basil placed second between Homer Simpson and Edmund Blackadder) TV critic A. A. Gill theorised that the initially muted","friendly to Hegel includes works by such writers as Walter Kaufmann (1966) Dale M. Schlitt (1984) Theodore Geraets (1985) Philip M. Merklinger (1991) Stephen Rocker (1995) and Cyril O'Regan (1995). Two prominent American philosophers John McDowell and Robert Brandom (sometimes referred to as the \"Pittsburgh Hegelians\") have produced philosophical works","William Denison (Governor of New South Wales from 1855\u20131861) also carried the additional title of Governor-General because their jurisdiction extended to other colonies in Australia. The office of Governor-General for the Commonwealth of Australia was conceived during the debates and conventions leading up to federation. The first Governor-General the Earl","of hardwood the company had been founded in the mid-18th century by Edmund Gardner (b. 1721) an entrepreneur who would subsequently become a Freeman of Liverpool. Gerald's father William Robert Gardner (1844\u20131935) had been the youngest son of Joseph Gardner (b. 1791) after whom the firm had been renamed and","Edmund Spenser evoked a dreary and sorrowful mood in such poems as Epithalamion. All of the aspects of pre-Gothic literature mentioned above occur to some degree in the Gothic but even taken together they still fall short of true Gothic. What was lacking was an aesthetic which would serve to","entails an equally atypical epistemology or what he calls a transformation of \"the image of thought\". According to Deleuze the traditional image of thought found in philosophers such as Aristotle René Descartes and Edmund Husserl misconceives of thinking as a mostly unproblematic business. Truth may be hard to discover\u2014it may","Original Screenplay along with co-writer Edmund H. North. His directorial prominence was cemented with the release in 1972 of \"The Godfather\" a film which revolutionized movie-making in the gangster genre earning praise from both critics and the public before winning three Academy Awards\u2014including his second Oscar (Best Adapted Screenplay with","Henry Moore regarded as the voice of British sculpture and of British modernism in general. Contemporary painters include Lucian Freud whose work \"Benefits Supervisor Sleeping\" in 2008 set a world record for sale value of a painting by a living artist. Early authors such as Bede and Alcuin wrote in","philosopher Edmund Gettier provoked major widespread discussion. (See theories of justification for other views on the idea.) Edmund Gettier is best known for a short paper entitled 'Is Justified True Belief Knowledge?' published in 1963 which called into question the theory of knowledge that had been dominant among philosophers for","by axioms. Influenced by the views of Brentano's pupil Alexius Meinong and by Edmund Husserl Germanophone and Francophone philosophy took a different direction regarding the question of existence. Anti-realism is the view of idealists who are skeptics about the physical world maintaining either: (1) that nothing exists outside the mind","itself into Conservatives and Progressives. The business of Progressives is to go on making mistakes. The business of the Conservatives is to prevent the mistakes from being corrected.\" Another contemporary and friend from schooldays was Edmund Bentley inventor of the clerihew. Chesterton himself wrote clerihews and illustrated his friend's first","a slight lean forward at the waist and a very slight twist toward the right with the left shoulder allowing the left hand to swing free with the gait. (Edmund Morris in his biography \"The Rise of Theodore Roosevelt\" describes a young Roosevelt newly elected to the State Assembly walking","and Bill of Rights meant that the apparently invading monarchs legitimate heirs to the throne were prepared to govern with the English Parliament. It is difficult to classify the entire proceedings of 1687\u201389 but it can be seen that the events occurred in three phases: conspiracy invasion by Dutch forces","of King Æthelstan in 940 the new King Edmund summoned him to his court at Cheddar and made him a minister. Again royal favour fostered jealousy among other courtiers and again Dunstan's enemies succeeded in their plots. The king was prepared to send Dunstan away. There were then at Cheddar","of Pompey which was being used for government business whilst the Senate was being rebuilt. On May 26 946 the twenty-four-year-old King Edmund of England was stabbed to death by a criminal during the feast of St. Augustine at Pucklechurch in Gloucester. The attacker probably used a Scramasax dagger. Another","his usual fairness requiring that the prisoners should be accorded the same conditions as German civilians. Remy opines that an order in which Rommel (who was actually protesting against Hitler's directives) called for no \"sentimental scruples\" against \"Badoglio-dependent bandits in uniforms of the once brothers-in-arms\" should not be taken out","Edmund Stoiber Edmund Rüdiger Stoiber (born 28 September 1941) is a German politician who was the 16th Minister President of the state of Bavaria between 1993 and 2007 and chairman of the Christian Social Union (CSU) between 1998 and 2007. In 2002 he candidated for the office of Chancellor of","Others\". Works by Camus and Sartre were already appearing in foreign editions. The Paris-based existentialists had become famous. Sartre had traveled to Germany in 1930 to study the phenomenology of Edmund Husserl and Martin Heidegger and he included critical comments on their work in his major treatise \"Being and Nothingness\".","suggested censorship by Heidegger's publisher who feared that the book might otherwise be banned by the Nazi regime. The dedication can still be found in a footnote on page 38 thanking Husserl for his guidance and generosity. Husserl of course had died several years earlier. In post-war editions of \"Sein","poets in the English language. Edmund Spenser was born in East Smithfield London around the year 1552 though there is some ambiguity as to the exact date of his birth. His parenthood is obscure but he was probably the son of John Spenser a journeyman clothmaker. As a young boy","In the summer of 1868 Grieg wrote his Piano Concerto in A minor while on holiday in Denmark. Edmund Neupert gave the concerto its premiere performance on 3 April 1869 in the Casino Theatre in Copenhagen. Grieg himself was unable to be there due to conducting commitments in Christiania (now Oslo).","in April 1014 leaving his Lindsey allies to suffer Æthelred's revenge. In about 1016 it is thought that Ólaf left to concentrate on raiding western Europe. In the same year Cnut returned to find a complex and volatile situation unfolding in England. Æthelred's son Edmund Ironside had revolted against his","state. During the 1970s primary responsibility for clean air and water shifted to the federal government. Growing concerns both environmental and economic from cities and towns as well as sportsman and other local groups and senators such as Maine's Edmund S. Muskie led to passage of extensive legislation notably the","until 1793 did not permit Catholics to take degrees. In 1747 he set up a debating society \"Edmund Burke's Club\" which in 1770 merged with TCD's Historical Club to form the College Historical Society; it is the oldest undergraduate society in the world. The minutes of the meetings of Burke's","This same period of economic and political uncertainty however produced an unsurpassed literary flowering in England. The first signs of a new literary movement had appeared at the end of the second decade of Elizabeth's reign with John Lyly's \"Euphues\" and Edmund Spenser's \"The Shepheardes Calender\" in 1578. During the","publicly recognizable names such as Edmund Hillary Chris Bonington Wolfgang Güllich and more recently Joe Simpson. Another example is surfing invented centuries ago by the inhabitants of Hawaii. Extreme sports by their nature can be extremely dangerous conducive to fatalities near-fatalities and other serious injuries and sometimes consist in treading","Witter Bynner Arthur Davison Ficke and Susan Glaspell as well as Floyd Dell and the critic Edmund Wilson both of whom proposed marriage to her and were refused. Millay's fame began in 1912 when she entered her poem \"Renascence\" in a poetry contest in \"The Lyric Year\". The poem was","Through his Rice grandmother Burroughs was descended from settler Edmund Rice one of the English Puritans who moved to Massachusetts Bay Colony in the early 17th Century. He once remarked \"I can trace my ancestry back to Deacon Edmund Rice.\" The Burroughs side of the family was also of English","entered early modern elite culture most clearly in the literature of Elizabethan England. Here Edmund Spenser's \"Faerie Queene\" (1590\u2013) used \"fairy\" and \"elf\" interchangeably of human-sized beings but they are complex imaginary and allegorical figures. Spenser also presented his own explanation of the origins of the \"Elfe\" and \"Elfin kynd\"","opposite the church in Aldeburgh until 1852. Newson's malting business expanded and five more children were born Edmund (1840) Alice (1842) Millicent (1847) who was to become a leader in the constitutional campaign for women's suffrage Sam (1850) Josephine (1853) and George (1854). By 1850 Newson was a prosperous businessman","Edmund I Edmund I ( pronounced ; 921 \u2013 26 May 946) was King of the English from 939 until his death. His epithets include \"the Elder\" \"the Deed-doer\" \"the Just\" and \"the Magnificent\". Edmund was the son of Edward the Elder and his third wife Eadgifu of Kent and","Richard Steele and Samuel Johnson. In the 18th and 19th centuries Edmund Burke and Samuel Taylor Coleridge wrote essays for the general public. The early 19th century in particular saw a proliferation of great essayists in English \u2013 William Hazlitt Charles Lamb Leigh Hunt and Thomas de Quincey all penned","with the Joe Loss Orchestra and who later also led his own band. Costello lived in Twickenham attending both St. Edmund's Catholic Primary School in nearby Whitton and then Archbishop Myers Secondary Modern R.C. School which is now St Mark's Catholic Secondary School in neighbouring Hounslow. In 1971 the 16","arms of legions against a race of fanatics whose dire and credulous superstition seemed to render them the implacable enemies not only of the Roman government but also of humankind. Gibbon is considered to be a son of the Enlightenment and this is reflected in his famous verdict on the","expression of any sort of individual liberties in the proposed constitution and generally opposed proposals that strengthened the central government. He was one of only three delegates who voted against the proposed constitution in the convention (the others were George Mason and Edmund Randolph) citing a concern about the convention's","The \"Book of Common Prayer\" of 1549 intended as a compromise was attacked by traditionalists for dispensing with many cherished rituals of the liturgy such as the elevation of the bread and wine while some reformers complained about the retention of too many \"popish\" elements including vestiges of sacrificial rites","cycle of worship. However most of these liturgical hymns are edited and conflated versions of the originals. The most complete critical text of authentic Ephrem was compiled between 1955 and 1979 by Dom Edmund Beck OSB as part of the \"Corpus Scriptorum Christianorum Orientalium\". As Chronologist St. Ephrem the Syrian","to Germany to obtain Emperor Henry III's help in returning Edward the Exile son of Edmund Ironside to England. Edmund (reigned 1016) was an elder half-brother of King Edward the Confessor and Edmund's son Edward was in Hungary with King Andrew I having left England as an infant after his","Territory in the 1830s. The Edmund Pettus Bridge crosses the Alabama River near Selma. The bridge was the site of noted civil rights marches for voting rights in March 1965; the first became known as \"Bloody Sunday\" because the state and county police beat protesters after they crossed out of","the IAU Catalog of Star Names. In Hebrew folklore Algol was called \"Rōsh ha Sāṭān\" or \"Satan's Head\" as stated by Edmund Chilmead who called it \"Divels head\" or \"Rosch hassatan\". A Latin name for Algol from the 16th century was \"Caput Larvae\" or \"the Spectre's Head\". Hipparchus and Pliny","August 1876 Disraeli was elevated to the House of Lords as Earl of Beaconsfield and Viscount Hughenden. The Queen had offered to ennoble him as early as 1868; he had then declined. She did so again in 1874 when he fell ill at Balmoral but he was reluctant to leave","215 unincorporated areas (as of 1 January 2005 called ' singular ') not belonging to any municipality all uninhabited mostly forested areas but also four lakes (-without islands -without island which are the three largest lakes of Bavaria and ). Source: Bayerisches Landesamt für Statistik und Datenverarbeitung Bavaria has a","Yorktown. The North government had gained support in Parliament after the British successes at Newport and Charleston but the decision to allow Irish Catholics to enlist in the army was deeply unpopular and triggered a massive protest in London in 1780 culminating in widespread rioting. The riots were the most","were many more but most astronomers did not bother with them calling them \"vermin of the skies\" a phrase variously attributed to Eduard Suess and Edmund Weiss. Even a century later only a few thousand asteroids were identified numbered and named. Until 1998 asteroids were discovered by a four-step process.","In the Romantic period Edmund Burke postulated a difference between beauty in its classical meaning and the sublime. The concept of the sublime as explicated by Burke and Kant suggested viewing Gothic art and architecture though not in accordance with the classical standard of beauty as sublime. The 20th century","follow the misfortunes of Edmund Blackadder (played by Atkinson) who in each is a member of a British family dynasty present at many significant periods and places in British history. It is implied in each series that the Blackadder character is a descendant of the previous one (the end theme","in Edmund Spenser's Faerie Queene clothes herself in a borrowed armour \"with brave bauldrick garnished\" before embarking on her quest (Book III canto iii). Benedick from William Shakespeare's \"Much Ado About Nothing\" says \"But that I will have a recheat winded in my forehead or hang my bugle in an","describes rules for a number of dice and table games in addition to its extensive discussion of chess. By the 17th century table games had spread to Sweden. A wooden board and checkers were recovered from the wreck of the Vasa among the belongings of the ship's officers. Backgammon appears","at Downside commonly known as Downside Abbey The Abbey of St Edmund King and Martyr commonly known as Douai Abbey in Upper Woolhampton Reading Berkshire Ealing Abbey in Ealing West London and Worth Abbey. Prinknash Abbey used by Henry VIII as a hunting lodge was officially returned to the Benedictines","sees Wollstonecraft as a critic in both the \"Rights of Men\" and the \"Rights of Woman\" of the \"masculinization of sensitivity\" in such works as Edmund Burke's \"Reflections on the Revolution in France\". In the \"Rights of Woman\" Wollstonecraft adheres to a version of republicanism that includes a belief in","coming of major industry Abertillery was little more than an area of scattered farms in the ancient parish of Aberystruth. In 1779 the parish minister Edmund Jones described the area thus: \"The valley of Tyleri ... is the most delightful. The trees ... especially the beech trees abounding about rivers","Art of Memory\" argues that a brief passage of the \"Confessions\" 10.8.12 in which Augustine writes of walking up a flight of stairs and entering the vast fields of memory clearly indicates that the ancient Romans were aware of how to use explicit spatial and architectural metaphors as a mnemonic","Anne would have seen Weightman on her holidays at home particularly during the summer of 1842 when her sisters were away. Weightman died of cholera in the same year. Anne expressed her grief for his death in her poem \"I will not mourn thee lovely one\" in which she called","of one area judicial astrology with an account of how to find the ascendant or rising sign. In the fifteenth century references to astrology such as with similes became \"a matter of course\" in English literature. In the sixteenth century John Lyly's 1597 play \"The Woman in the Moon\" is","than 1200 of the Black Loyalists of Nova Scotia later resettled in the British colony of Sierra Leone where they became leaders of the Krio ethnic group of Freetown and the later national government. Many of their descendants still live in Sierra Leone as well as other African countries. About","modern myths. On 11 March AD 509 a lunar occultation of Aldebaran was observed in Athens Greece. English astronomer Edmund Halley studied the timing of this event and in 1718 concluded that Aldebaran must have changed position since that time moving several minutes of arc further to the north. This as","brief incestual sexual relationship with him. In 1944 she published a collection of short stories titled \"Under a Glass Bell\" which were reviewed by Edmund Wilson. Nin was also the author of several works of non-fiction: Her first publication written during her years studying psychoanalysis was \"\" (1932) an assessment","then-Assistant Director of Research (later Sir) Edmund Hirst and their research teams Haworth deduced the correct structure and optical-isomeric nature of vitamin C and in 1934 reported the first synthesis of the vitamin. In honor of the compound's antiscorbutic properties Haworth and Szent-Györgyi now proposed the new name of \"a-scorbic","that students competing for prizes shall be allowed the widest possible latitude and that the new the unusual and the radical shall be especially encouraged.\" Famous Hopwood award winners include Robert Hayden Marge Piercy Arthur Miller Betty Smith Lawrence Kasdan John Ciardi Mary Gaitskill Edmund White Nancy Willard Frank O\u2019Hara","other factions. Part of the reason was that it permitted its funding and arms distribution to be administered by Pakistan which favored the rival mujahideen leader Gulbuddin Hekmatyar. In an interview Massoud said \"We thought the CIA knew everything. But they didn't. They supported some bad people [meaning Hekmatyar].\" Primary","of examples of this genre including works by Sir Edmund Ludlow and Sir John Reresby. French examples from the same period include the memoirs of Cardinal de Retz (1614\u20131679) and the Duc de Saint-Simon. The term \"fictional autobiography\" signifies novels about a fictional character written as though the character were","appoint a prominent Baptist pastor and scholar Edmund Crawley to the Chair of Classics as had been expected that really thrust into the forefront of Baptist thinking the need for a college established and run by the Baptists. In 1838 the Nova Scotia Baptist Education Society founded Queen's College (named","Hitchcock in Sacha Gervasi's biopic \"Hitchcock\" following his career while making \"Psycho\". The film was released on 23 November 2012. In 2013 he reprised his role as Odin in '. In 2014 he portrayed Methuselah in Darren Aronofsky's \"Noah\". Since October 2016 Hopkins has been starring as Robert Ford in","(lines 31-34) <\/poem> The Faerie Queene by Edmund Spenser with its stanzas of eight iambic pentameter lines followed by one alexandrine exemplifies what came to be its chief role: as a somewhat infrequent variant line in an otherwise iambic pentameter context. Alexandrines provide occasional variation in the blank verse of","depicted in a feature film and television film. Potter's paternal grandfather Edmund Potter from Glossop in Derbyshire owned what was then the largest calico printing works in England and later served as a Member of Parliament. Beatrix's father Rupert William Potter (1832\u20131914) was educated at Manchester College by the Unitarian","motivation for many BDSM practitioners. The philosopher Edmund Burke defines this sensation of pleasure derived from pain by the word \"sublime\". Research has shown that couples engaging in consensual BDSM tend to show hormonal changes that indicate decreases in stress and increases in emotional bonding. There is a wide array","elements in the \"blitzkrieg warfare\" at the decisive Battle of Megiddo included concentration surprise and speed; success depended on attacking only in terrain favoring the movement of large formations around the battlefield and tactical improvements in the British artillery and infantry attack. General Edmund Allenby used infantry to attack the","of her name. Raphael Holinshed calls her Voadicia while Edmund Spenser calls her Bunduca a version of the name that was used in the popular Jacobean play \"Bonduca\" in 1612. William Cowper's poem \"Boadicea an ode\" (1782) popularised an alternative version of the name. From the 19th century until the","are: \"To act as Nominee or agent or attorney either solely or jointly with others for any person or persons partnership company corporation government state organisation sovereign province authority or public body or any group or association of them...\" Bank of England Nominees Limited was granted an exemption by Edmund","root to be examined is \"went\". In Roman Britain there were three tribal capitals named \"U̯entā\" (modern Winchester Caerwent and Caistor St Edmunds) whose meaning was 'place town'. Some including J. R. R. Tolkien have argued that Celtic has acted as a substrate to English for both the lexicon and","a great sense of humour and to whom death is not terrible.\" She had trouble with an incompetent Swiss French nursery helper (Marcelle) for toddler Rosalind and as a result she decided \"Scottish preferred ... good with the young. The French were hopeless disciplinarians ... Germans good and methodical but it was","people such as the poets Robert Burns Lord Byron Percy Bysshe Shelley and John Keats the actor Edmund Kean the British politician George Canning and even Napoleon Bonaparte are still alive. The first novel-length alternate history in English would seem to be Castello Holford's \"Aristopia\" (1895). While not as nationalistic","book (\"Curtain\") where he visits Styles before his death. In between Poirot solves cases outside England as well including his most famous case \"Murder on the Orient Express\" (1934). Hercule Poirot became famous in 1926 with the publication of \"The Murder of Roger Ackroyd\" whose surprising solution proved controversial. The","those of Abingdon St Alban's Bardney Battle Bury St Edmunds St Augustine's Canterbury Colchester Croyland Evesham Glastonbury Gloucester St Benet's Hulme Hyde Malmesbury Peterborough Ramsey Reading Selby Shrewsbury Tavistock Thorney Westminster Winchcombe and St Mary's York. Of these the precedence was yielded to the abbot of Glastonbury until in AD","1836 by Edmund Davy who identified it as a \"...new carburet of hydrogen.\" It was rediscovered in 1860 by French chemist Marcellin Berthelot who coined the name \"acétylène\". Berthelot's empirical formula for acetylene (CH) as well as the alternative name \"quadricarbure d'hydrogène\" (\"hydrogen quadricarbide\") were incorrect because chemists at that","served as presiding judge. The defense relied on the provision of the Tenure of Office Act that made it applicable only to appointees of the current administration. Since Lincoln had appointed Stanton the defense maintained Johnson had not violated the act and also argued that the President had the right","ideas to an early Edmund Burke. Godwin is generally regarded as the founder of the school of thought known as 'philosophical anarchism'. He argued in \"Political Justice\" (1793) that government has an inherently malevolent influence on society and that it perpetuates dependency and ignorance. He thought that the spread of","using this faux-mathematical philosophy. Edmund Wilson argues that statistically \"the logic of the 'Modest proposal' can be compared with defense of crime (arrogated to Marx) in which he argues that crime takes care of the superfluous population\". Wittkowsky counters that Swift's satiric use of statistical analysis is an effort to","at a wider market than Bermuda. (The latter consisted primarily of scholarly works rather than creative writing). The novelist Brian Burland (1931\u2013 2010) achieved a degree of success and acclaim internationally. More recently Angela Barry has won critical recognition for her published fiction. Bermuda's proximity to the United States as","Nazis purge many of the prominent faculty members at University of Göttingen in 1933. Those forced out included Hermann Weyl (who had taken Hilbert's chair when he retired in 1930) Emmy Noether and Edmund Landau. One who had to leave Germany Paul Bernays had collaborated with Hilbert in mathematical logic","the Lagan where the sandbar was located. This interpretation was favoured by Edmund Hogan and John O'Donovan. It seems clear however that the river itself was named after the tidal crossing. In Ulster-Scots the name of the city has been variously translated as \"Bilfawst\" \"Bilfaust\" or \"Baelfawst\" although \"Belfast\" is","of 1618 for example Gotthard Arthusius published a pamphlet stating that it was a sign that the Day of Judgment was near. He listed ten pages of comet-related disasters including \"earthquakes floods changes in river courses hail storms hot and dry weather poor harvests epidemics war and treason and high","praised him in a letter as 'the king of poets a true God'. In 1895 Stéphane Mallarmé published a sonnet in Baudelaire's memory 'Le Tombeau de Charles Baudelaire'. Marcel Proust in an essay published in 1922 stated that along with Alfred de Vigny Baudelaire was 'the greatest poet of the","the American Civil War. In 1874 after the war Congress passed the Poland Act which transferred jurisdiction over Morrill Act cases to federal prosecutors and courts which were not controlled by Mormons. In addition the Morrill Act was upheld in 1878 by the United States Supreme Court in the case","Christmas-related holidays. The forty days before Christmas became the \"forty days of St. Martin\" (which began on November 11 the feast of St. Martin of Tours) now known as Advent. In Italy former Saturnalian traditions were attached to Advent. Around the 12th century these traditions transferred again to the Twelve","David Hume Montesquieu and Edmund Burke was substantial. His works rank among the most influential in European culture and today still constitute one of the most important bodies of primary material for the writing and revision of Roman history especially the last days of the Roman Republic. Cicero was born","his earliest American ancestor John Coolidge emigrated from Cottenham Cambridgeshire England around 1630 and settled in Watertown Massachusetts. Another ancestor Edmund Rice arrived at Watertown in 1638. Coolidge's great-great-grandfather also named John Coolidge was an American military officer in the Revolutionary War and one of the first selectmen of the","was ranked 13th. In 2017 Columbia was ranked 8th in the world by \"Academic Ranking of World Universities\" 18th in the world by \"QS World University Rankings\" 14th globally by \"Times Higher Education World University Rankings\" and 8th in the world by \"U.S. News and World Report\". Rankings by other","issues. Edmund Burke an 18th-century politician who opposed the French Revolution but supported the American Revolution is credited as one of the main theorists of conservatism in Great Britain in the 1790s. According to Quintin Hogg the chairman of the British Conservative Party in 1959: \"Conservatism is not so much","Adam Smith and Edmund Burke were all influential among Whigs although none of them was universally accepted. From the 1790s to the 1820s British radicals concentrated on parliamentary and electoral reform emphasising natural rights and popular sovereignty. Richard Price and Joseph Priestley adapted the language of Locke to the ideology","Fermi gas model was then used by the British physicist Edmund Clifton Stoner in 1929 to calculate the relationship among the mass radius and density of white dwarfs assuming they were homogeneous spheres. Wilhelm Anderson applied a relativistic correction to this model giving rise to a maximum possible mass of","the 1640s Charles II gave George Carteret Bailiff and governor a large grant of land in the American colonies which he promptly named New Jersey now part of the United States of America. Sir Edmund Andros of Guernsey was an early colonial governor in North America and head of the","the travels of Marco Polo and Sir John Mandeville Pliny's \"Natural History\" and Pope Pius II's \"Historia Rerum Ubique Gestarum\". According to historian Edmund Morgan Throughout his life Columbus also showed a keen interest in the Bible and in Biblical prophecies often quoting biblical texts in his letters and logs.","operates only within Bavaria and the CDU operates in all other states but not Bavaria. While virtually independent at the federal level the parties form a common CDU/CSU faction. No Chancellor has ever come from the CSU although Strauß and Edmund Stoiber were CDU/CSU candidates for Chancellor in the 1980","attempts to examine the structure of consciousness in its own right putting aside problems regarding the relationship of consciousness to the physical world. This approach was first proposed by the philosopher Edmund Husserl and later elaborated by other philosophers and scientists. Husserl's original concept gave rise to two distinct lines","in 1198 during a fire at the abbey of St Edmundsbury (now Bury St Edmunds) the monks 'ran to the clock' to fetch water indicating that their water clock had a reservoir large enough to help extinguish the occasional fire. The word \"clock\" (from the Celtic words \"clocca\" and \"clogan\"","two generations of American cytologists: Edmund Beecher Wilson Nettie Stevens Walter Sutton and Theophilus Painter were all influenced by Boveri (Wilson Stevens and Painter actually worked with him). In his famous textbook \"The Cell in Development and Heredity\" Wilson linked together the independent work of Boveri and Sutton (both around","with a bell and two tunnels for the ball to pass through. In 1865 the 'Rules of the Eglinton Castle and Cassiobury Croquet' was published by Edmund Routledge. Several incomplete sets of this form of croquet are known to exist and one complete set is still used for demonstration games","Greater Dog\" transcribed as \"Alcheleb Alachbar\" by 17th century writer Edmund Chilmead. Islamic scholar Abū Rayḥān al-Bīrūnī referred to Orion as \"Kalb al-Jabbār\" \"the Dog of the Giant\". Among the Merazig of Tunisia shepherds note six constellations that mark the passage of the dry hot season. One of them called","logarithms and Napier bones (by Napier) and the slide rule (by Edmund Gunter). In 1642 the Renaissance saw the invention of the mechanical calculator (by Wilhelm Schickard and several decades later Blaise Pascal) a device that was at times somewhat over-promoted as being able to perform all four arithmetic operations","multi-section masterpiece described as \"one of the greatest achievements in orchestration by any composer in jazz history.\" The album was also unique in that Mingus asked his psychotherapist Dr. Edmund Pollock to provide notes for the record. Mingus also released \"Mingus Plays Piano\" an unaccompanied album featuring some fully improvised","trade agreements\". Edmund Phelps published an analysis in 2010 theorizing that the cause of income inequality is not free market capitalism but instead is the result of the rise of corporatization. Corporatization in his view is the antithesis of free market capitalism. It is characterized by semi-monopolistic organizations and banks","is named after Edmund Clerihew Bentley. When he was a 16-year-old pupil at St Paul's School in London the lines of his first clerihew about Humphry Davy came into his head during a science class. Together with his schoolfriends he filled a notebook with examples. The first use of the","population of about 200. Within seven years it grew to more than 4000 people. On June 15 1835 the first public land sales began with Edmund Dick Taylor as U.S. Receiver of Public Monies. The City of Chicago was incorporated on Saturday March 4 1837 and for several decades was","Æthelstan the \"pillar of the dignity of the western world\" in the words of the \"Annals of Ulster\" died at Malmesbury. He was succeeded by his brother Edmund then aged 18. Æthelstan's empire seemingly made safe by the victory of Brunanburh collapsed in little more than a year from his","year having obtained tribute from the East Anglian King Edmund the Great Army moved north seizing York chief city of the Northumbrians. The Great Army defeated an attack on York by the two rivals for the Northumbrian throne Osberht and Ælla who had put aside their differences in the face","as hexogen. Research and development findings were not published further until Edmund von Herz described as an Austrian and later a German citizen obtained a British patent in 1921 and a United States patent in 1922. Both patent claims were initiated in Austria; and described the manufacture of RDX by","sum of which is indefinite converge\". Edmund Husserl (1962 2000) wrote extensively about categorial systems as part of his phenomenology. For Gilbert Ryle (1949) a category (in particular a \"category mistake\") is an important semantic concept but one having only loose affinities to an ontological category. Contemporary systems of categories","stream \u2013 Hussitism \u2013 originated in the Middle Ages. It was represented by Jan Hus Jerome of Prague or Petr Chelčický. At the end of the Middle Ages Jan Amos Comenius substantially contributed to the development of modern pedagogy. Jewish philosophy in the Czech lands was represented mainly by Judah","to the 1960s with the reassessment of kinship's basic principles offered by Edmund Leach Rodney Neeham David Schneider and others. Instead of relying on narrow ideas of Western normalcy kinship studies increasingly catered to \"more ethnographic voices human agency intersecting power structures and historical contex\". The study of kinship evolved","of rulebooks for card games. Perhaps the original compilation of popular playing card games was collected by Edmund Hoyle a self-made authority on many popular parlor games. The U.S. Playing Card Company now owns the eponymous Hoyle brand and publishes a series of rulebooks for various families of card games","the English Church to its Roman affiliation. Cranmer was punished for his work in the English Reformation by being burned at the stake on 21 March 1556. Nevertheless the 1552 book was to survive. After Mary's death in 1558 it became the primary source for the Elizabethan Book of Common","the local church. This was followed by similar accusations in Gloucester (1168) Bury St Edmunds (1181) and Bristol (1183). In 1189 the Jewish deputation attending the coronation of Richard the Lionheart was attacked by the crowd. Massacres of Jews at London and York soon followed. In 1190 on 16 March"],"title":["French Revolution","Frank Sinatra","Falstaff","Francis Bacon","Georg Cantor","History of Germany","Gavrilo Princip","Friedrich Hayek","Feedback","Francis Drake","George Washington","George Berkeley","Politics of Germany","Fawlty Towers","Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel","Governor-General of Australia","Gerald Gardner (Wiccan)","Gothic fiction","Gilles Deleuze","Francis Ford Coppola","England","Epistemology","Existence","G. K. Chesterton","Groucho Marx","Glorious Revolution","Dunstan","Dagger","Erwin Rommel","Edmund Stoiber","Existentialism","Edmund Husserl","Edmund Spenser","Edvard Grieg","Æthelred the Unready","Environmental movement in the United States","Edmund Burke","Elizabeth I of England","Extreme sport","Edna St. Vincent Millay","Edgar Rice Burroughs","Elf","Elizabeth Garrett Anderson","Edmund I","Essay","Elvis Costello","Edward Gibbon","Elbridge Gerry","Edward VI of England","Ephrem the Syrian","Ealdred (archbishop of York)","Alabama River","Algol","Benjamin Disraeli","Bavaria","American Revolutionary War","Asteroid","Beauty","Blackadder","Baldric","Backgammon","Order of Saint Benedict","A Vindication of the Rights of Woman","Abertillery","Augustine of Hippo","Anne Brontë","Astrology","American Revolution","Aldebaran","Anaïs Nin","Ascorbic acid (molecular aspects)","Avery Hopwood","Ahmad Shah Massoud","Autobiography","Acadia University","Anthony Hopkins","Alexandrine","Beatrix Potter","BDSM","Blitzkrieg","Boudica","Bank of England","Brittonic languages","Agatha Christie","Alternate history","Hercule Poirot","Abbot","Acetylene","Andrew Johnson","Anarchism","A Modest Proposal","Bermuda","David Hilbert","Belfast","Comet","Charles Baudelaire","History of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints","Christmas","Cicero","Calvin Coolidge","Columbia University","Conservatism","Classical liberalism","Chandrasekhar limit","Channel Islands","Christopher Columbus","Christian Social Union in Bavaria","Consciousness","Clock","Chromosome","Croquet","Canis Major","Calculator","Charles Mingus","Corporatocracy","Clerihew","Chicago","Constantine II of Scotland","Causantín mac Cináeda","RDX","Category of being","Czech Republic","Cultural anthropology","Card game","Book of Common Prayer","Blood libel"],"word":"edmund","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11188","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11181","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11246","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11319","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12216","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13224","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13010","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11646","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11545","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11508","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11968","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11958","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11935","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11673","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12598","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12601","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12789","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12622","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12557","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10576","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9316","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9247","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9302","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12333","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12426","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12466","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8958","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8972","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9516","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9480","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9593","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9518","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9536","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9514","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10083","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10183","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10030","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10128","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9933","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9657","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10354","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10374","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10510","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10310","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10293","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10245","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10358","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1583","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1484","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1394","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3875","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3764","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=771","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=791","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4431","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4326","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4353","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4329","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4240","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2834","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2717","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2030","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2029","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2122","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1973","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3077","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2268","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2176","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2179","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2236","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2397","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2427","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4481","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4545","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4652","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4517","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4484","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4069","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=984","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1203","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1000","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1143","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1778","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1624","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=665","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3460","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8302","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5046","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5804","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6237","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6046","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6195","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6310","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6675","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6677","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6813","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5643","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5635","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5679","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5664","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6449","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6438","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6643","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6366","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7593","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7668","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6997","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7081","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6886","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7235","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7233","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7499","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5370","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5321","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5388","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5360","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4953","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4941"]}
	{"docID":[6449],"text":["to Jocelin of Brakelond in 1198 during a fire at the abbey of St Edmundsbury (now Bury St Edmunds) the monks 'ran to the clock' to fetch water indicating that their water clock had a reservoir large enough to help extinguish the occasional fire. The word \"clock\" (from the Celtic"],"title":["Clock"],"word":"edmundsburi","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6449"]}
	{"docID":[7382],"text":["and national economic trends and partly as a result of government intervention. Each sub-region within the Maritimes has developed over time to exploit different resources and expertise. Saint John became a centre of the timber trade and shipbuilding and is currently a centre for oil refining and some manufacturing. The"],"title":["The Maritimes"],"word":"edmundston","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7382"]}
	{"docID":[5935,5942],"text":["Brigham Young and the largest body of Smith's followers incorporated the LDS Church in 1851 by legislation of the State of Deseret under the name \"The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints\" which included a hyphenated \"Latter-day\" and a British-style lower-case \"d.\" In 1887 the LDS Church was legally","not practice polygamy. However if a Mormon man becomes widowed he can be sealed to another woman while remaining sealed to his first wife. However if a woman becomes widowed she will not allowed to be sealed to another man. She can be married by law but not sealed in"],"title":["The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints","History of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints"],"word":"edmundstuck","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942"]}
	{"docID":[8778,7548,8339,11561,2343],"text":["\"politics of ethnocide\" in Nicaragua. The Indians formed two rebel groups \u2013 the Misura and Misurasata. They were joined in the north by Nicaraguan Democratic Force (FDN) and in the south by former Sandinistas and peasantry who under the leadership of Edén Pastora were resisting forced collectivization. In 1980 the","most active contra group. In April 1982 Edén Pastora (\"Comandante Cero\") one of the heroes in the fight against Somoza organized the Sandinista Revolutionary Front (FRS) \u2013 embedded in the Democratic Revolutionary Alliance (ARDE) \u2013 and declared war on the Sandinista government. Himself a former Sandinista who had held several","resource records defined in a zone file the domain name system also defines several request types that are used only in communication with other DNS nodes (\"on the wire\") such as when performing zone transfers (AXFR/IXFR) or for EDNS (OPT). The domain name system supports wildcard DNS records which specify","first published in 1976. Other 20th century publications include C. S. Lewis's \"The Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe\" (1950) Raymond Briggs's \"Father Christmas\" (1973) Debbie Macomber's \"There's Something About Christmas\" (2005) Robin Jones Gunn's \"Father Christmas","he spent the last few years of his life working for unity before dying in 1849. The \"Handbook of Denominations in the United States\" 12th edn. describes the following churches as \"Adventist and Sabbatarian (Hebraic) Churches\": The Christadelphians were founded in 1844 by John Thomas and had an estimated 25000"],"title":["Daniel Ortega","Contras","Domain Name System","Father Christmas","Adventism"],"word":"edn","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8778","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7548","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8339","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11561","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343"]}
	{"docID":[3355,2936,888,12,8400,7955,8090,7978,8765,5142,11408,11924,13011,13015,9294,9824,9764],"text":["acceptance. The son of Harry Church Whorf and Sarah Edna Lee Whorf Benjamin Lee Whorf was born on April 24 1897 in Winthrop Massachusetts. Harry Church Whorf was an artist intellectual and designer \u2013 first working as a commercial artist and later as a dramatist. Benjamin had two younger brothers John","with around 100 people such as Baranof Warm Springs Edna Bay Elfin Cove Excursion Inlet Funter Bay Meyers Chuck Pelican Port Alexander Port Frederick Port Protection and Tenakee Springs. This region is also home to the easternmost town in Alaska Hyder. This area is the traditional homeland of the Tlingit","has his critics. For example Darrell Schweitzer writing to \"The New York Review of Science Fiction\" in 1999 quoted a passage from the original van Vogt novelette \"The Mixed Men\" which he was then reading and remarked: In 1946 van Vogt and his first wife Edna Mayne Hull were Guests","Heywood and Angela Heywood's \"The Word\" (1872\u20131890 1892\u20131893). \"Free Society\" (1895\u20131897 as \"The Firebrand\"; 1897\u20131904 as \"Free Society\") was a major anarchist newspaper in the United States at the end of the 19th and beginning of the 20th centuries. The publication advocated free love and women's rights and critiqued \"Comstockery\"","Society of Great Britain proposes a rotated digit two 2 (↊ ) for ten and a reversed or rotated digit three 3 (↋ ) for eleven. This notation was introduced by Sir Isaac Pitman. Until 2015 the Dozenal Society of America (DSA) used and the symbols devised by William Addison","direction different mechanisms are used to copy the antiparallel strands of the double helix. In this way the base on the old strand dictates which base appears on the new strand and the cell ends up with a perfect copy of its DNA. Naked extracellular DNA (eDNA) most of it","Schafer's sister Ginny was among the auditions and she was chosen for Nurse Edna. Schafer opted out of the decision for her selection to avoid nepotism. Grossman and Schafer encountered difficulty selecting a voice for Bernard. To aid the process Grossman commented that the character should sound like Les Nessman","Walter Tuchman Don Coppersmith Alan Konheim Carl Meyer Mike Matyas Roy Adler Edna Grossman Bill Notz Lynn Smith and Bryant Tuckerman. On 17 March 1975 the proposed DES was published in the \"Federal Register\". Public comments were requested and in the following year two open workshops were held to discuss","story which historian Edna Bay says may be a false etymology. The story goes that Dakodonu considered the second king in modern kings lists was granted permission by the Gedevi chiefs the local rulers to settle in the Abomey plateau. Dakodonu requested additional land from a prominent chief named Dan","1924 had been screened in over 50 countries. Chaplin spent five months on his next film the two-reeler \"The Idle Class\". Following its September 1921 release he chose to return to England for the first time in almost a decade. He then worked to fulfil his First National contract releasing","was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health. She followed up with a chapter \"The Circumcision of Girls\" in her book \"The Hidden Face of Eve: Women in the Arab World\" (1980) which described her own clitoridectomy when she was six years","the first analysis of common knowledge and employed it in analyzing play in coordination games. In addition he first suggested that one can understand meaning in terms of signaling games. This later suggestion has been pursued by several philosophers since Lewis. Following game-theoretic account of conventions Edna Ullmann-Margalit (1977) and","is New York City's oldest continuously running Off-Broadway theater. A landmark in Greenwich Village\u2019s cultural landscape it was built as a farm silo in 1817 and also served as a tobacco warehouse and box factory before Edna St. Vincent Millay and other members of the Provincetown Players converted the structure","wrote \"Merton of the Movies\" \"Dulcy\" and \"Beggar on Horseback\"; with Ring Lardner he wrote \"June Moon\"; with Edna Ferber he wrote \"The Royal Family\" \"Dinner at Eight\" and \"Stage Door\"; with John P. Marquand he wrote a stage adaptation of Marquand's novel \"The Late George Apley\"; and with Howard","he had to put together. He chose a Detroit editing association where he met Edna Paul to cut the film. Paul's assistant was Joel Coen of the Coen brothers who helped with the film's editing. Paul edited a majority of the film although Coen notably edited the shed sequence. Coen","by Millay's work. In 2006 the state of New York paid $1.69 million to acquire of Steepletop with the intention to add the land to a nearby state forest preserve. The proceeds of the sale were to be used by the Edna St. Vincent Millay Society to restore the farmhouse","by the many irregularities of the case she saw it as another travesty of justice in the US. She longed to join the mass demonstrations in Boston; memories of the Haymarket affair overwhelmed her compounded by her isolation. \"Then\" she wrote \"I had my life before me to take up"],"title":["Benjamin Lee Whorf","Southeast Alaska","A. E. van Vogt","Anarchism","Duodecimal","DNA","Day of the Tentacle","Data Encryption Standard","Dahomey","Charlie Chaplin","Female genital mutilation","Game theory","Greenwich Village","George S. Kaufman","The Evil Dead","Edna St. Vincent Millay","Emma Goldman"],"word":"edna","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3355","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2936","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=888","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8400","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7955","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8090","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7978","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8765","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5142","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11408","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11924","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13011","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13015","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9294","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764"]}
	{"docID":[4149],"text":["the \"wanting\" rather than the person. \"Ala\" is interesting in that while it feels archaic it is often used in poetry and frequently in children's stories since it has quite a moral/ominous feel to it. Some common expressions use these words and some can be used alone as interjections: Vocative"],"title":["Bulgarian language"],"word":"ednakuv","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4149"]}
	{"docID":[11169],"text":["that is produced in Ceará flows through Fortaleza which in turn is recognized as one of the most important textile centers of the country giving the garment industry great weight in the metropolitan economy. Brands of the city like Santana Textiles and headquarters of brands like Esplanada and Otoch have"],"title":["Fortaleza"],"word":"ednardo","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11169"]}
	{"docID":[11339,13217,10191,10307,10110,9993,1530,3463,872,2802,1939,6365,6539,7257,8185,6696,6806,6313,8691,8715],"text":["EDIFACT<br> Edinburgh Multi Access System<br> Edinburgh Prolog<br> Edinburgh SML<br> Edison<br> EDL<br> EDM<br> EdML<br> EDMS<br> EDO DRAM<br> EDO memory<br> EDO RAM<br> EDP<br> EDRAM<br> e-dress<br> EDS+<br> edu<br> edutainment<br> Edward Lorenz<br> Edward Yourdon<br> ee<br> EEMA<br> EEPROM<br> EER<br> E. F. Codd<br> EFF<br> effective computable<br> effective number of bits<br> Effort Adjustment Factor<br> EFL<br> EFNet<br> Eforth<br>","first five \"on\" mean \"Edo's rain\"). In comparison with English verse typically characterized by syllabic meter Japanese verse counts sound units known as \"\"on\" or morae. Traditional haiku consist of 17 \"on\" in three phrases of five seven and five \"on\" respectively. Among contemporary poems \"teikei\" ( fixed form) haiku","of Japan: Ishimaru Sadatsuga was the magistrate of Edo in 1661. During the Edo period the Shogunate appointed administrators (\"machi bugyō\") with jurisdiction over the police and beginning with the rule of Tokugawa Yoshimune) the fire department (\"machibikeshi\"). The \"machi bugyō\" heard criminal and civil suits and performed other administrative","unequal; however Surjodiningrat et al. (1972) has analyzed pelog as a seven-note subset of nine-tone equal temperament (133 cent steps ). A South American Indian scale from a preinstrumental culture measured by Boiles (1969) featured 175 cent seven-tone equal temperament which stretches the octave slightly as with instrumental gamelan music.","funerary rites from the end of the period which the chronicles describe in more detail are known. They were centered around the rite of the \"mogari\" () a provisional depository between death and permanent burial. Empress Jitō was the first Japanese imperial personage to be cremated (in 703). After that","the Latin \"edo\" \"I compose (poetry)\" by analogy with \"kredda\" \"superstition\" from Latin \"credo\" \"creed\"\u2014is now widely accepted though this acceptance may stem from its agreement with modern usage rather than historical accuracy. The \"Poetic Edda\" also known as \"Sæmundar Edda\" or the \"Elder Edda\" is a collection of Old","as Koshamain's Revolt () in 1456. During the Edo period (1601\u20131868) the Ainu who controlled the northern island which is now named Hokkaido became increasingly involved in trade with the Japanese who controlled the southern portion of the island. The Tokugawa bakufu (feudal government) granted the Matsumae clan exclusive rights","elites and the professionalisation of media and journalists has proceeded only slowly. High levels of partisanship and linkages between the media and the political systems hinder the adherence to professional code of conducts. Bosnia and Herzegovina has a rich literature including the Nobel prize winner Ivo Andrić and poets such","European theatrical work followed almost immediately with production of \"The Lower Depths\" based on a play by Maxim Gorky taking place in May and June 1957. In contrast to the Shakespearean sweep of \"Throne of Blood\" \"The Lower Depths\" was shot on only two confined sets in order to emphasize","of Edo and served as a passage between the city and northwestern Japan. This made the region a home to many craftsmen and tradesmen as well as some low class samurai. One of Tokyo's frequent fires destroyed the area in 1869 and the people decided to replace the buildings of","Portuguese the nasal glides and historically became and in some words. In the Edo the nasalized allophones of the approximants and are nasal occlusives and . What","foreign policy and popular outrage over perceived appeasement to the foreign powers was a catalyst for the \"sonnō jōi\" movement and a shift in political power from Edo back to the Imperial Court in Kyoto. The opposition of Emperor Kōmei to the treaties further lent support to the tōbaku (overthrow","Cessna C-37 was introduced in 1937 as Cessna's first seaplane when equipped with Edo floats. In 1940 Cessna received their largest order to date when they signed a contract with the U.S. Army for 33 specially equipped Cessna T-50s. Later in 1940 the Royal Canadian Air Force placed an order","prevalent in Africa. In other cases such as the \"Nupe\" of Nigeria the \"Beni Amer\" of East Africa and the \"Tira\" of Sudan the exclusionary principle has been driven by evolving social factors. Among the Igbo of Nigeria - especially Enugu Anambra Imo Abia Ebonyi Edo and Delta states of","as astrolabes a pair of glasses telescopes globes medical instruments medical books or exotic animals and tropical birds. In return the Dutch delegation received some gifts from the \"shōgun\". On arrival in Edo the \"Opperhoofd\" and his retinue (usually his scribe and the factory physician) had to wait in the","or leather. The kusari was sometimes concealed entirely between layers of cloth. Kusari gusoku or chain armour was commonly used during the Edo period 1603 to 1868 as a stand-alone defence. According to George Cameron Stone Entire suits of mail \"kusari gusoku\" were worn on occasions sometimes under the ordinary","memory modules containing different types of DRAM (from top to bottom): DDR SDRAM SDRAM EDO DRAM and FPM DRAM]] Volatile memory is computer memory that requires power to maintain the stored information. Most modern [[semiconductor]] volatile memory is either static RAM ([[Static random-access memory|SRAM]]) or dynamic RAM ([[DRAM]]). SRAM retains","great\"). These five are earth water fire wind/air and void. These came from Indian Vastu shastra philosophy and Buddhist beliefs; in addition the classical Chinese elements ( \"wu xing\") are also prominent in Japanese culture especially to the influential Neo-Confucianists during the medieval Edo period. Western astrology uses the four","of Oronmila oracle) from the Edo people of West Africa for thousands have used divination as a means of foretelling the past present and future. These diviners are initiated and trained in Iha (divination) of either Ominigbon or Oronmila (Benin Orunmila). The Yoruba people of West Africa are internationally known","it refers to very specific kinds of movement while performing that evoke the sophistication stemming from the mercantile and artisan classes active during the Edo period (1603\u20131868). The sticks for playing taiko are called \"bachi\" and are made in various sizes and from different kinds of wood such as white"],"title":["Wikipedia:Free On-line Dictionary of Computing/E - H","Haiku","Edo","Equal temperament","Emperor of Japan","Edda","Ainu people","Bosnia and Herzegovina","Akira Kurosawa","Akihabara","Approximant consonant","Convention of Kanagawa","Cessna","Caste","Dejima","Mail (armour)","Computer memory","Classical element","Divination","Taiko"],"word":"edo","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11339","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13217","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10191","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10307","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10110","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9993","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1530","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3463","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=872","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2802","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1939","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6365","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6539","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7257","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8185","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6696","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6806","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6313","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8691","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8715"]}
	{"docID":[10277,10363,10264],"text":["in fact his real film debut with Luciano Salce's \"Il Federale (The Fascist)\". In an interview with American composer Fred Karlin Morricone discussed his beginnings stating \"My first films were light comedies or costume movies that required simple musical scores that were easily created a genre that I never completely","superpowers. In 1958 only months after the Sputnik shock Edoardo Amaldi (Italy) and Pierre Auger (France) two prominent members of the Western European scientific community met to discuss the foundation of a common Western European space agency. The meeting was attended by scientific representatives from eight countries including Harrie Massey","the selection committee hoped that the new chair would raise the standard and reputation of physics in Italy. The committee chose Fermi ahead of Enrico Persico and Aldo Pontremoli and Corbino helped Fermi recruit his team which was soon joined by notable students such as Edoardo Amaldi Bruno Pontecorvo Ettore"],"title":["Ennio Morricone","European Space Agency","Enrico Fermi"],"word":"edoardo","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10277","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10363","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10264"]}
	{"docID":[11327],"text":["International Inc.<br> BOS<br> Bose-Chaudhuri-Hocquenghem Code<br> BOSS<br> bot<br> botmaster<br> bottom<br> bottom feeder<br> bottom-unique<br> bottom-up implementation<br> bottom-up model<br> bottom-up testing<br> botwar<br> bounce<br> bounce message<br> boundary scan<br> boundary value analysis<br> bounded<br> boundedly complete<br> bound variable<br> bournebasic<br> Bourne shell<br> boustrophedonic<br> box<br> boxed comments<br> boxen<br> Boxer<br> boxology<br> Boycott Apple<br> bozotic<br> BPI<br> bpmake<br> bpp<br> BPR<br> BPS<br>"],"title":["Wikipedia:Free On-line Dictionary of Computing/symbols - B"],"word":"edobr","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11327"]}
	{"docID":[4329],"text":["and the player with the highest roll picks up both dice and re-rolls (i.e. it is possible to roll doubles for the opening move). Players use the same pair of dice in turns. After the first game the winner of the previous game starts first. Each game counts as 1"],"title":["Backgammon"],"word":"edoera","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4329"]}
	{"docID":[4386,4376,3058,2085,2134,1606,1389,4450,4452,6599,13210],"text":["most likely period for various reasons. The anonymous author was almost certainly an Israelite although he has set his story outside Israel in southern Edom or northern Arabia and makes allusion to places as far apart as Mesopotamia and Egypt. According to the 6th-century BCE prophet Ezekiel Job was a","enter Canaan. The king of Edom refuses permission to pass through his land and they go around it. Aaron dies on Mount Hor. The Israelites are bitten by Fiery flying serpents for speaking against God and Moses. A brazen serpent is made to ward off these serpents. The Israelites arrive","valley of Jehoshaphat\" and \"the valley of the passengers\" \"Lord coming from Edom or Idumea south of Jerusalem when He returns from the judgment\"; and Jerusalem itself. Pentecost further describes the area involved: Pentecost then outlines the biblical time period for this campaign to occur and with further arguments concludes","Azerbaijan) in the north to Nubia Egypt Libya and Arabia in the south and from the East Mediterranean Cyprus and Antioch in the west to Persia Cissia and the Caspian Sea in the east. Ultimately Assyria conquered Babylonia Chaldea Elam Media Persia Urartu (Armenia) Phoenicia Aramea/Syria Phrygia the Neo-Hittite States","it. On inquiry he was told that it was a stain from the blood which the high priest sprinkled thereon on the Day of Atonement.\" In 2003 author Graham Phillips hypothetically concluded that the Ark was taken to Mount Sinai in the Valley of Edom by the Maccabees. Phillips claims","star it says \"smashes the brow of Moab the foundation of all children of Seth. Edom becomes a possession yea Seir a possession of its enemies; but Israel is triumphant. A victor issues from Jacob to wipe out what is left of Ir\". Considering Jannaeus' conquests\u2014creating a kingdom that rivalled","however the numbers are referring to allies it could possibly include forces from Tyre Judah Edom and Moab. The Assyrian king claimed a victory but his immediate return and subsequent expeditions in 849 BC and 846 BC against a similar but unspecified coalition seem to show that he met with","Edom treated the Israelites they too may be subject to the wrath of God. In relating to theme of Obadiah it is important to underscore the \u201cpunishment\u201d theme this book outlines against Edom. W.J. Deane and J.R. Thomson write this valid conclusion \u201cThe Book of Obadiah is occupied with one","reducing Israel Judah and the Philistine cities to vassalage receiving tribute from Ammon Moab and Edom and absorbing Damascus (the kingdom of Aram) into the Assyrian empire. On Tiglath-Pileser's death Israel rebelled resulting in an Assyrian counter-attack and the destruction of the capital Samaria in 721 after a three-year siege.","and Cimmerian allies were now in possession of much of the huge Neo Assyrian Empire. The Egyptians had belatedly come to the aid of Assyria fearing that without Assyrian protection they would be the next to succumb to the new powers having already been raided by the Scythians. The Chaldean","forming an alliance in the struggle for the land against the Philistines to the West Moab and Ammon to the East and Edom to the South. In the 12th century BC most of the interior as well as Babylonia was overrun by Arameans while the shoreline around today's Gaza Strip was settled"],"title":["Book of Job","Book of Numbers","Armageddon","Assyria","Ark of the Covenant","Alexander Jannaeus","Ahab","Book of Obadiah","Book of Micah","Chaldea","History of the ancient Levant"],"word":"edom","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4386","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4376","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3058","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2085","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2134","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1606","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1389","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4450","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4452","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6599","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13210"]}
	{"docID":[12667,4450,1436,2185,2085,4386,4378,1722,8551],"text":["birth to the twins Esau father of the Edomites and Jacob. Through deception Jacob becomes the heir instead of Esau and gains his father's blessing. He flees to his uncle where he prospers and earns his two wives Rachel and Leah. Jacob's name is changed to Israel and by his","even a remnant would remain. The Edomites' land would be possessed by Egypt and they would cease to exist as a people. But the Day of the Lord was at hand for all nations and someday the children of Israel would return from their exile and possess the land of","nations mentioned in the Bible among others the Israelites Ishmaelites Edomites) Amalekites Kenizzites Midianites and Assyrians and through his nephew Lot he was also related to the Moabites and Ammonites. Abraham lived to see his son marry Rebekah (and to see the birth of his twin grandsons Jacob and Esau).","Lihyanite texts of southeastern Saudi Arabia and the Thamudic texts found throughout the Arabian Peninsula and Sinai (not in reality connected with Thamud). The Nabataeans were nomadic who moved into territory vacated by the Edomites \u2013 Semites who settled the region centuries before them. Their early inscriptions were in Aramaic but","Arabs and Chaldeans first enter the pages of recorded history. Little further expansion took place under Shamshi-Adad V and his successor the regent queen Semiramis however when Adad-nirari III came of age he took the reins of power from mother and set about a relentless campaign of conquest; subjugated the","written in some other language and translated into Hebrew and many later scholars down to the 20th century looked for an Aramaic Arabic or Edomite original but a close analysis suggests that the foreign words and foreign-looking forms are literary affectations designed to lend authenticity to the book's distant setting.","slaughtering Philistines Moabites Edomites Syrians and Arameans. David commits adultery and has sex with Bathsheba and plots the death of her husband Uriah the Hittite; for this Yahweh sends disasters against his house. Nathan tells David that the sword shall never depart from his house. For the remainder of his","a productive agricultural sector and occupied a vital place along the King's Highway the ancient trade route connecting Egypt with Mesopotamia Syria and Asia Minor. As with the Edomites and Moabites trade along this route gave them considerable revenue. Circa 950 BCE Ammon showed rising prosperity due to agriculture and","wins more victories over the Philistines while the Moabites Edomites Amalekites Ammonites and king Hadadezer of Aram-Zobah pay tribute after being defeated. During a siege against the Ammonite capital of Rabbah David remains in Jerusalem. He spies a woman Bathsheba bathing on a nearby rooftop and summons her; she becomes"],"title":["Book of Genesis","Book of Obadiah","Abraham","Arabs","Assyria","Book of Job","Books of Samuel","Ammon","David"],"word":"edomit","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12667","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4450","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1436","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2185","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2085","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4386","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4378","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1722","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8551"]}
	{"docID":[1727],"text":["the region of Edonis. It is today a municipality in the Serres regional unit of Greece. The seat of the municipality is Rodolivos. Throughout the 5th century BC Athens sought to consolidate its control over Thrace which was strategically important because of its primary materials (the gold and silver of"],"title":["Amphipolis"],"word":"edoni","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1727"]}
	{"docID":[12859],"text":["chapter 1 which teaches that all men are the offspring of Adam who was made in the image of God (Sifra Ḳedoshim iv.; Yer. Ned. ix. 41c; Genesis Rabba 24). According to Jewish rabbinic literature the first man Adam represents the \"unity of mankind\". This is echoed in the modern"],"title":["Golden Rule"],"word":"edoshim","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12859"]}
	{"docID":[10191],"text":["which were heated with charcoal fires. Between 1600 and 1945 Edo/Tokyo was leveled every 25\u201350 years or so by fire earthquakes or war. In 1868 when the shogunate came to an end the city was renamed \"Tokyo\" (\"eastern capital\"). The emperor moved his residence to Tokyo making the city the"],"title":["Edo"],"word":"edotokyo","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10191"]}
	{"docID":[11107,12232,12104,8816,8783,9577,2083,1058,6548,7682],"text":["response by FAO staff member Richard Lydiker who was later described by the Danish Minister for Agriculture (who had herself resigned from the organisation) as 'FAO's chief spokesman for non-transparency'. Edouard Saouma the Director-General of FAO was also criticised in Graham Hancock's book \"Lords of Poverty\" published in 1989. Mention","technical problems and emphasising the practical uses of the tower he finished his talk by saying that the tower would symbolise Little happened until the beginning of 1886 but with the re-election of Jules Grévy as President and his appointment of Edouard Lockroy as Minister for Trade decisions began to","the suggestion of Righi began using a coherer an early detector based on the 1890 findings of French physicist Edouard Branly and used in Lodge's experiments that changed resistance when exposed to radio waves. In the summer of 1894 he built a storm alarm made up of a battery a","figures in the history of rhythm and blues. In addition to being an upright bassist he wrote dozens of R&B hits and worked as a producer. He also plays bass on numerous Chuck Berry's rock and roll hits. Many other rockabilly bands like El Rio Trio (from the Netherlands) also","relationship with John she and Thomas began a correspondence and in the second half of 1936 were courting. They married at the register office in Penzance Cornwall on 11 July 1937. In early 1938 they moved to Wales renting a cottage in the village of Laugharne Carmarthenshire. Their first child","these were ministerial colleague Andre Philip president of the Foreign Relations Committee Edouard Bonnefous and former prime minister Paul Reynaud. Projects for a coal and steel authority and other supranational communities were formulated in specialist subcommittees of the Council of Europe in the period before it became French government policy.","where Auguste and Louis were born. They moved to Lyon in 1870 where son Edouard and three daughters were born. Auguste and Louis both attended La Martiniere the largest technical school in Lyon. Their father Charles-Antoine set up a small factory producing photographic plates but even with Louis and a","Gide's surviving letters run into the thousands. But it is the \"Journal\" that Sheridan calls \u201cthe pre-eminently Gidean mode of expression.\u201d \"His first novel emerged from Gide\u2019s own journal and many of the first-person narratives read more or less like journals. In \"Les faux-monnayeurs\" Edouard's journal provides an alternative voice","held in April 1874 Monet exhibited the work that was to give the group its lasting name. He was inspired by the style and subject matter of previous modern painters Camille Pissarro and Edouard Manet. \"Impression Sunrise\" was painted in 1872 depicting a Le Havre port landscape. From the painting's","Edouard van Beneden and Theodor Boveri made the first observation and identification of centrioles in 1883 and 1888 respectively while the pattern of centriole duplication was first worked out independently by Etienne de Harven and Joseph G. Gall c. 1950 The main function of centrioles is to produce cilia during"],"title":["Food and Agriculture Organization","Gustave Eiffel","Guglielmo Marconi","Double bass","Dylan Thomas","European Coal and Steel Community","Auguste and Louis Lumière","André Gide","Claude Monet","Centriole"],"word":"edouard","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11107","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12232","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12104","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8816","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8783","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9577","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2083","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1058","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6548","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7682"]}
	{"docID":[9232],"text":["back up to the reservoir by two pumps in the machinery room at the base of the south leg. This reservoir also provided power to the lifts to the first level. The original lifts for the journey between the second and third levels were supplied by Léon Edoux. A pair"],"title":["Eiffel Tower"],"word":"edoux","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9232"]}
	{"docID":[3463],"text":["popular in former Yugoslavia and considered a national dish in Bosnia and Herzegovina and Serbia. Local wines come from Herzegovina where the climate is suitable for growing grapes. Herzegovinian \"loza\" (similar to Italian Grappa but less sweet) is very popular. Plum (\"rakija\") or apple (\"jabukovača\") alcohol beverages are produced in"],"title":["Bosnia and Herzegovina"],"word":"edovi","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3463"]}
	{"docID":[9790,9865,9014],"text":["the London Airport Cargo EDP Scheme (LACES) at Heathrow Airport London UK in 1971. Implementing the direct trader input (DTI) method it allowed forwarding agents to enter information directly into the Customs processing system reducing the time for clearance. The increase of maritime traffic and problems at Customs similar to","on 20 July 2004 in conjunction with the European Democratic Party (EDP). The ALDE parliamentary group is led by Guy Verhofstadt a former Prime Minister of Belgium. Prior to the 2004 European election the party had been represented through its own group the European Liberal Democrats and Reformists (ELDR) Group.","underlie the development of social and cognitive competencies as well as the epigenetic (gene-environment interactions) processes that adapt these competencies to local conditions. EDP considers both the reliably developing species-typical features of ontogeny (developmental adaptations) as well as individual differences in behavior from an evolutionary perspective. While evolutionary views tend"],"title":["Electronic data interchange","Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe Party","Developmental psychology"],"word":"edp","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9790","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9014"]}
	{"docID":[11339],"text":["Multi Access System<br> Edinburgh Prolog<br> Edinburgh SML<br> Edison<br> EDL<br> EDM<br> EdML<br> EDMS<br> EDO DRAM<br> EDO memory<br> EDO RAM<br> EDP<br> EDRAM<br> e-dress<br> EDS+<br> edu<br> edutainment<br> Edward Lorenz<br> Edward Yourdon<br> ee<br> EEMA<br> EEPROM<br> EER<br> E. F. Codd<br> EFF<br> effective computable<br> effective number of bits<br> Effort Adjustment Factor<br> EFL<br> EFNet<br> Eforth<br> E-Forth<br> EFT<br>"],"title":["Wikipedia:Free On-line Dictionary of Computing/E - H"],"word":"edpbr","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11339"]}
	{"docID":[4896],"text":["of the major (i.e. single-digit) autobahns. But it is nevertheless well connected to the network in all directions: the A70 from Schweinfurt (connecting to the A7 there) to Bayreuth (connecting to the A9) runs along the northern edge of the town. The A73 on the eastern side of town connects"],"title":["Bamberg"],"word":"edqa","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4896"]}
	{"docID":[3742,2104],"text":["uses a combination of GFSK and Phase Shift Keying modulation (PSK) with two variants π/4-DQPSK and 8DPSK. EDR can provide a lower power consumption through a reduced duty cycle. The specification is published as \"Bluetooth v2.0 + EDR\" which implies that EDR is an optional feature. Aside from EDR the","\"Vor Tru\" newsletter. In 1987 Edred Thorsson and James Chisholm founded The Troth which was incorporated in Texas. Taking an inclusive non-racialist view it soon grew into an international organisation. In English usage the genitive \"\" \"of Æsir faith\" is often used on its own to denote adherents (both singular"],"title":["Bluetooth","Heathenry in the United States"],"word":"edr","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3742","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2104"]}
	{"docID":[11339],"text":["Access System<br> Edinburgh Prolog<br> Edinburgh SML<br> Edison<br> EDL<br> EDM<br> EdML<br> EDMS<br> EDO DRAM<br> EDO memory<br> EDO RAM<br> EDP<br> EDRAM<br> e-dress<br> EDS+<br> edu<br> edutainment<br> Edward Lorenz<br> Edward Yourdon<br> ee<br> EEMA<br> EEPROM<br> EER<br> E. F. Codd<br> EFF<br> effective computable<br> effective number of bits<br> Effort Adjustment Factor<br> EFL<br> EFNet<br> Eforth<br> E-Forth<br> EFT<br> EFTS<br>"],"title":["Wikipedia:Free On-line Dictionary of Computing/E - H"],"word":"edrambr","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11339"]}
	{"docID":[842],"text":["Strymonian Gulf and the Gulf of Kavala and the rest are in Turkey; Saros Gulf Edremit Gulf Dikili Gulf Gulf of Çandarlı Gulf of İzmir Gulf of Kuşadası Gulf of Gökova Güllük Gulf. The International Hydrographic Organization defines the limits of the Aegean Sea as follows: \"On the South.\" A"],"title":["Aegean Sea"],"word":"edremit","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=842"]}
	{"docID":[11339],"text":["System<br> Edinburgh Prolog<br> Edinburgh SML<br> Edison<br> EDL<br> EDM<br> EdML<br> EDMS<br> EDO DRAM<br> EDO memory<br> EDO RAM<br> EDP<br> EDRAM<br> e-dress<br> EDS+<br> edu<br> edutainment<br> Edward Lorenz<br> Edward Yourdon<br> ee<br> EEMA<br> EEPROM<br> EER<br> E. F. Codd<br> EFF<br> effective computable<br> effective number of bits<br> Effort Adjustment Factor<br> EFL<br> EFNet<br> Eforth<br> E-Forth<br> EFT<br> EFTS<br> eg<br>"],"title":["Wikipedia:Free On-line Dictionary of Computing/E - H"],"word":"edressbr","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11339"]}
	{"docID":[2769],"text":["(EDRF). Used to relieve both exertional and vasospastic angina by allowing venous pooling reducing the pressure in the ventricles and so reducing wall tension and oxygen requirements in the heart. Short-acting nitrates are used to abort angina attacks that have occurred while longer-acting nitrates are used in the prophylactic management"],"title":["Antianginal"],"word":"edrf","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2769"]}
	{"docID":[8567],"text":["another's prescience the Guild Navigator Edric is able to shield the conspiracy from Paul's visions of the future. The Tleilaxu Face Dancer Scytale gives Paul a gift he cannot resist: a Tleilaxu-grown ghola of the deceased Duncan Idaho Paul's childhood teacher and friend now called \"Hayt\". The conspirators hope the"],"title":["Dune Messiah"],"word":"edric","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8567"]}
	{"docID":[1132],"text":["that both countries boasted in the preceding decade moved into retirement and their replacements were of lesser quality making it more difficult to force a result. England failed to win any series during the 1960s a period dominated by draws as teams found it more prudent to save face than"],"title":["The Ashes"],"word":"edrich","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1132"]}
	{"docID":[2963],"text":["opposition was assassinated in 1983 at the Manila International Airport (now the Ninoy Aquino International Airport) upon returning home from exile. His death thrust his widow Corazon Aquino into the limelight and ultimately the presidency following the peaceful 1986 EDSA Revolution. After the Iranian Revolution of 1979 the new Islamic"],"title":["Assassination"],"word":"edsa","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2963"]}
	{"docID":[1368,10251,6019,5363],"text":["The first assembly language was developed in 1947 by Kathleen Booth for the ARC2 at Birkbeck University of London following work with John von Neumann and Herman Goldstine at the Institute for Advanced Study. The Electronic Delay Storage Automatic Calculator (EDSAC) had an assembler called \"initial orders\" featuring one-letter mnemonics","piece of paper tape with the crude and unreliable home-made punching printing and verifying gear available in the late 50s\". The EDSAC's main memory consisted of 1024 locations though only 512 locations were initially installed. Each contained 18 bits but the topmost bit was always unavailable due to timing problems","The first configuration interaction calculations were performed in Cambridge on the EDSAC computer in the 1950s using Gaussian orbitals by Boys and coworkers. By 1971 when a bibliography of \"ab initio\" calculations was published the largest molecules included were naphthalene and azulene. Abstracts of many earlier developments in \"ab initio\"","tic-tac-toe Computer game by Alexander S. Douglas for the EDSAC in 1952; \"Tennis for Two\" an electronic interactive game engineered by William Higinbotham in 1958; \"Spacewar!\" written by MIT students Martin Graetz Steve Russell and Wayne Wiitanen's on a DEC PDP-1 computer in 1961; and the hit ping pong-style \"Pong\""],"title":["Assembly language","Electronic delay storage automatic calculator","Computational chemistry","Video game"],"word":"edsac","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1368","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10251","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6019","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5363"]}
	{"docID":[11339],"text":["Edinburgh Prolog<br> Edinburgh SML<br> Edison<br> EDL<br> EDM<br> EdML<br> EDMS<br> EDO DRAM<br> EDO memory<br> EDO RAM<br> EDP<br> EDRAM<br> e-dress<br> EDS+<br> edu<br> edutainment<br> Edward Lorenz<br> Edward Yourdon<br> ee<br> EEMA<br> EEPROM<br> EER<br> E. F. Codd<br> EFF<br> effective computable<br> effective number of bits<br> Effort Adjustment Factor<br> EFL<br> EFNet<br> Eforth<br> E-Forth<br> EFT<br> EFTS<br> eg<br> EGA<br>"],"title":["Wikipedia:Free On-line Dictionary of Computing/E - H"],"word":"edsbr","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11339"]}
	{"docID":[4444],"text":["hockey clubs. Tebbutt's home-made bandy stick can be seen in the Norris Museum in St Ives. The first Ice Hockey Varsity Matches between Oxford University and Cambridge University were played to bandy rules even if it was called hockey on ice at the time. England won the European Bandy Championships"],"title":["Bandy"],"word":"edsbyn","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4444"]}
	{"docID":[8687],"text":["trade between the U.S. and Canada. On February 18 2015 Canadian Transport Minister Lisa Raitt announced that Canada has agreed to pay the entire cost to build a $250 million U.S. Customs plaza adjacent to the planned new Detroit\u2013Windsor bridge now the Gordie Howe International Bridge. Canada had already planned"],"title":["Detroit"],"word":"edsel","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8687"]}
	{"docID":[6799,7612,10474,10018],"text":["World!\" program example in \"The C Programming Language\" was first published in 1978 a similar mainframe COBOL program sample would have been submitted through JCL very likely using a punch card reader and 80 column punch cards. The listing below \"with an empty DATA DIVISION\" was tested using GNU/Linux and","reading for researchers in computer science throughout the 1960s. It had an influence in the 1960s and 1970s on programming language design modular programming object-oriented programming software engineering and other design methodologies. Alexander's mathematical concepts and orientation were similar to Edsger Dijkstra's influential \"A Discipline of Programming\". The greatest influence","Glaisher refined Gunther's approach. In 1972 Edsger Dijkstra used this problem to illustrate the power of what he called structured programming. He published a highly detailed description of a depth-first backtracking algorithm. The problem can be quite computationally expensive as there are 4426165368 (\"i.e.\" C) possible arrangements of eight queens","\"Since the early work of E.W. Dijkstra (1965) who introduced the mutual exclusion problem the concept of a process the semaphore object the notion of a weakest precondition and guarded commands (among many other contributions) synchronization is no longer a catalog of tricks but a domain of computing science with"],"title":["COBOL","Christopher Alexander","Eight queens puzzle","Edsger W. Dijkstra"],"word":"edsger","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6799","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7612","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10474","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10018"]}
	{"docID":[9896],"text":["\"álfablót\" (\u2018elves' sacrifice\u2019) in Edskogen in what is now southern Sweden. There does not seem to have been any clear-cut distinction between humans and gods; like the Æsir then elves were presumably thought of as being human(-like) and existing in opposition to the giants. Many commentators have also (or instead)"],"title":["Elf"],"word":"edskogen","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896"]}
	{"docID":[12997,11736,6469,8654],"text":["Carver Products Company and the Carvoline Company. Carvoline Antiseptic Hair Dressing was a mix of peanut oil and lanolin. Carvoline Rubbing Oil was a peanut oil for massages. Carver is often mistakenly credited with the invention of peanut butter. By the time Carver published \"How to Grow the Peanut and","the advertising agencies. In the mid-1950s he began a long-running collaboration with Jack Williamson eventually resulting in 10 collaborative novels over five decades. Other collaborations included a novel with Lester Del Rey \"Preferred Risk\" (1955). This novel was solicited for a contest by Galaxy\u2013Simon & Schuster when the judges did","(legal system) bear the influences of canon law. Edson Luiz Sampel a Brazilian expert in canon law says that canon law is contained in the genesis of various institutes of civil law such as the law in continental Europe and Latin American countries. Sampel explains that canon law has significant","systems. Edson de Castro was the Product Manager of the pioneering PDP-8 at Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) a 12-bit computer generally considered by most to be the first true minicomputer. De Castro was convinced that it was possible to improve upon the PDP-8 by building a 16-bit minicomputer with better"],"title":["George Washington Carver","Frederik Pohl","Canon law","Data General Nova"],"word":"edson","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12997","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11736","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6469","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8654"]}
	{"docID":[967],"text":["after disease onset. Full recovery is seen in 50 to 70% of cases ranging to 70 to 90% recovery with some minor residual disability (typically assessed using measures such as mRS or EDSS) average time to recover is one to six months. The mortality rate may be as high as"],"title":["Acute disseminated encephalomyelitis"],"word":"edss","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=967"]}
	{"docID":[2144,1969,662,1902,9954,10271,5033,5285,6827],"text":["to \"his own thing\" which did not make matters any better. Despite this they were understanding that the time they had together was special. Dash remembered they would \"be in a room full of people talking to each other and it felt like everyone was listening but it would be","Apollo Command/Service Module (CSM) in orbit. He became quite adept at making geologic observations as objects passed below. Apollo 15 was launched on July 26 1971 at 9:34 AM EDT from the Kennedy Space Center at Merritt Island Florida. During the launch the S-IC did not completely shut off following","Center in Merritt Island Florida on July 16 at 9:32 am EDT (13:32 UTC) and was the fifth manned mission of NASA's Apollo program. The Apollo spacecraft had three parts: a command module (CM) with a cabin for the three astronauts and the only part that landed back on Earth;","into the western side of the Pentagon at 09:37 EDT. Many people witnessed the crash and news sources began reporting on the incident within minutes. The impact severely damaged an area of the Pentagon and caused a large fire. A portion of the building collapsed; firefighters spent days working to","and the European Broadcasting Union however they now have two different logos; when the ident is transmitted it is the Eurovision network logo that appears. The Eurovision Song Contest Grand Finals are traditionally on a Saturday evening in May at 19:00 UTC (15:00 EDT 20:00 BST/IST or 21:00 CEST). Usually","EDT EDT may refer to:","a song written for this occasion Robinson sensed that Diddley wanted to perform and handed him a microphone the only time that he performed publicly after his stroke. Bo Diddley died on June 2 2008 of heart failure at his home in Archer Florida. Garry Mitchell his grandson and one","successfully on its second attempt on July 29 1985 at 17:00 EDT after a delay of 1 hour 37 minutes due to a problem with the table maintenance block update uplink. At 3 minutes 31 seconds into the ascent one of the central engine's two high-pressure fuel turbopump turbine discharge","former President Dwight Eisenhower. Kennedy's conversation with the former President also revealed that the two were conspiring during the Cuban Missile Crisis. On October 22 at 7:00 pm EDT Kennedy delivered a nationwide televised address on all of the major networks announcing the discovery of the missiles. He noted: Kennedy described"],"title":["Aaliyah","Apollo 15","Apollo 11","American Airlines Flight 77","Eurovision Song Contest","EDT","Bo Diddley","STS-51-F","Cuban Missile Crisis"],"word":"edt","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2144","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1969","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=662","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1902","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9954","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10271","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5033","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5285","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6827"]}
	{"docID":[5668,1910,901,899,3378,11835,12937,10834],"text":["complexed by oxygen chelates such as EDTA and polyphosphates which are useful in analytic chemistry and removing calcium ions from hard water. In the absence of steric hindrance smaller group 2 cations tend to form stronger complexes but when large polydentate macrocycles are involved the trend is reversed. Although calcium","are a number of buffers used for agarose electrophoresis; common ones for nucleic acids include Tris/Acetate/EDTA (TAE) and Tris/Borate/EDTA (TBE). The buffers used contain EDTA to inactivate many nucleases which require divalent cation for their function. The borate in TBE buffer can be problematic as borate can polymerize and/or interact","in hydrochloric acid and forming a stable monatomic cation in aqueous solution. It forms complexes with EDTA a metal chelating agent and is capable of acting as a metal in antibody radiolabeling; in some respects astatine in the +1 state is akin to silver in the same state. Most of","the bones and liver for a period of tens of years. As a result after the cancer cells were quickly killed by alpha particles from Ac the radiation from the actinium and its daughters might induce new mutations. To solve this problem Ac was bound to a chelating agent such","covalent bonds fill half of this octet. Tetracoordination allows beryllium compounds such as the fluoride or chloride to form polymers. This characteristic is employed in analytical techniques using EDTA as a ligand. EDTA preferentially forms octahedral complexes \u2013 thus absorbing other cations such as Al which might interfere \u2013 for example","in the synthesis of EDTA arising from reactions of the ammonia coproduct.<ref name=\"Ullmann/Roger\">Hart J. Roger (2005) \"Ethylenediaminetetraacetic Acid and Related Chelating Agents\" in \"Ullmann's Encyclopedia of Industrial Chemistry\" Wiley-VCH Weinheim. <\/ref> In aqueous solution glycine itself is amphoteric: at low pH the molecule can be protonated with a pK of","medicinal treatments such as lysozyme with ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid (EDTA) and the antibiotic ampicillin have been developed to combat the protective outer membrane of some pathogenic gram-negative organisms. Other drugs can also be used significant ones being chloramphenicol streptomycin and nalidixic acid. Chloramphenicol is rarely used in the EU due to","potassium hydrogen sulfite etc.) and EDTA. Antioxidants include butylated hydroxyanisole (BHA) and butylated hydroxytoluene (BHT). Other preservatives include formaldehyde (usually in solution) glutaraldehyde (insecticide) ethanol and methylchloroisothiazolinone. Irradiation of food is the exposure of food to ionizing radiation. The two types of ionizing radiation used are beta particles (high-energy electrons)"],"title":["Calcium","Agarose gel electrophoresis","Astatine","Actinium","Beryllium","Glycine","Gram-negative bacteria","Food preservation"],"word":"edta","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5668","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1910","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=901","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=899","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3378","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11835","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12937","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10834"]}
	{"docID":[9931],"text":["amplification. Video amplifiers are designed to process video signals and have varying bandwidths depending on whether the video signal is for SDTV EDTV HDTV 720p or 1080i/p etc.. The specification of the bandwidth itself depends on what kind of filter is used\u2014and at which point ( or for example) the"],"title":["Amplifier"],"word":"edtv","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9931"]}
	{"docID":[2691],"text":["Alba\" says of Áed: \"Edus [Áed] held the same [i.e. the kingdom] for one year. The shortness of his reign has bequeathed nothing memorable to history. He was slain in the civitas of Nrurim.\" Nrurim is unidentified. The Annals of Ulster say that in 878: \"Áed mac Cináeda king of"],"title":["Áed mac Cináeda"],"word":"edu","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2691"]}
	{"docID":[2020,2077,3143,2995,2983,791,746,4463,1573,2313,1624,3989,736,676,1094,1216,1098,3764,3954,6355,6526,7577,7271,4816,5321,6235,6042,6312,6056,6122,10150,10101,10151,8816,12636,12644,9257,12471,10989,11004,12216,12061,12108,11625,10223,9516],"text":["Dorian invasion but rather that the Peloponnesian Dorians were the Achaeans. Eduard Meyer disagreeing with Beloch instead put forth the suggestion that the real-life Achaeans were mainland pre-Dorian Greeks. His conclusion is based on his research on the similarity between the languages of the Achaeans and pre-historic Arcadians. William Prentice","Adam Weishaupt died in Gotha on 18 November 1830. He was survived by his second wife Anna Maria (née Sausenhofer) and his children Nanette Charlotte Ernst Karl Eduard and Alfred. Weishaupt was buried next to his son Wilhelm who preceded him in death in 1802. After Weishaupt's Order of Illuminati","and Eduard von Hartmann in 1908. Axiology studies mainly two kinds of values: ethics and aesthetics. Ethics investigates the concepts of \"right\" and \"good\" in individual and social conduct. Aesthetics studies the concepts of \"beauty\" and \"harmony.\" Formal axiology the attempt to lay out principles regarding value with mathematical rigor","to the attention of professor Florian Heller in 1958 and described by him in 1959. The specimen is missing its head and tail although the rest of the skeleton is mostly intact. Although it was once exhibited at the Maxberg Museum in Solnhofen it is currently missing. It belonged to","liberal economic policies and practices. From the 1860s businessmen succeeded in industrializing parts of the Empire. Newly prosperous members of the bourgeoisie erected large homes and began to take prominent roles in urban life that rivaled the aristocracy's. In the early period they encouraged the government to seek foreign investment","known that there were many more but most astronomers did not bother with them calling them \"vermin of the skies\" a phrase variously attributed to Eduard Suess and Edmund Weiss. Even a century later only a few thousand asteroids were identified numbered and named. Until 1998 asteroids were discovered by","the first Azerbaijani team to advance to the group stage of a European competition beating APOEL of Cyprus 4\u20132 on aggregate in the play-off round of the 2012-13 UEFA Europa League. In 2014 Qarabağ became the second Azerbaijani club advancing to the group stage of UEFA Europa League. In 2017","base to curb Najibullah's powers. He began spreading rumors that he would be reappointed General Secretary. Najibullah's power base was in the KHAD the Afghan equivalent to the KGB and not the party. Considering the fact that the Soviet Union had supported Karmal for over six years the Soviet leadership","Gotthard Oswald Marbach whom he quotes as saying \"Albertus repente ex asino factus philosophus et ex philosopho asinus\" [Albert was suddenly transformed from an ass into a philosopher and from a philosopher into an ass]. Johann Eduard Erdmann considers Albert greater and more original than his pupil Aquinas. A number","in an anthology called \"Vaterländischer Künstlerverein\". Fifty-one composers responded with pieces including Beethoven Schubert Archduke Rudolph of Austria F.X. Wolfgang Mozart (jun.) Moritz Count von Dietrichstein Heinrich Eduard Josef Baron von Lannoy Ignaz Franz Baron von Mosel Carl Czerny Johann Nepomuk Hummel Ignaz Moscheles and the eight-year-old Franz Liszt (although","to run things as he had under Lincoln. Seward and Lincoln had been rivals for the nomination in 1860; the victor hoped that Seward would succeed him as president in 1869. At the time of Johnson's accession the French had intervened in Mexico sending troops there. While many politicians had","Hahn and Eduard Helly. Banach spaces originally grew out of the study of function spaces by Hilbert Fréchet and Riesz earlier in the century. Banach spaces play a central role in functional analysis. In other areas of analysis the spaces under study are often Banach spaces. A Banach space is","in September 1903 suggest that the girl was either given up for adoption or died of scarlet fever in infancy. Einstein and Marić married in January 1903. In May 1904 their first son Hans Albert Einstein was born in Bern Switzerland. Their second son Eduard was born in Zürich in","project earning him his diploma in 1960 and winning First Prize at the New York Student Film Festival in 1961. Tarkovsky's first feature film was \"Ivan's Childhood\" in 1962. He had inherited the film from director Eduard Abalov who had to abort the project. The film earned Tarkovsky international acclaim","market reforms clan-based economics and official corruption in Armenia have allowed the success of this process. In August 2002 the Armenian government sold an 80 percent stake in the Armenian Electricity Network (AEN) to Midland Resources a British offshore-registered firm which is said to have close Russian connections. In September","prosperous during the Crusades benefiting from Italian trade. After the Fourth Crusade the Duchy of Athens was established. In 1458 it was conquered by the Ottoman Empire and entered a long period of decline. Following the Greek War of Independence and the establishment of the Greek Kingdom Athens was chosen","and programs: Armenia is also an observer member of the","in the north speaking East Franconian German; Bavarian Swabia in the south west speaking Swabian German; and Altbayern (so-called \"Old Bavaria\" the regions forming the \"historic\" pentagon-shaped Bavaria before the acquisitions through the Vienna Congress at present the districts of the Upper Palatinate Lower and Upper Bavaria) speaking Austro-Bavarian. In","considered Eduard Buchner's first demonstration of a complex biochemical process alcoholic fermentation in cell-free extracts in 1897 to be the birth of biochemistry. Some might also point as its beginning to the influential 1842 work by Justus von Liebig \"Animal chemistry or Organic chemistry in its applications to physiology and","name these bodies as \"chloroplastids\" (\"Chloroplastiden\"). In 1884 Eduard Strasburger adopted the term \"chloroplasts\" (\"Chloroplasten\"). Chloroplasts are one of many types of organelles in the plant cell. They are considered to have originated from cyanobacteria through endosymbiosis\u2014when a eukaryotic cell engulfed a photosynthesizing cyanobacterium that became a permanent resident in","who retreat into madness.\" Eduard Fraenkel remarked on the powerful contrasts between declaimed and sung dialogue in this scene. The frightened and respectful chorus are unable to comprehend her. She goes to her inevitable offstage murder by Clytemnestra with full knowledge of what is to befall her. Cassandra is an","adherence to party ideology. Gorbachev was aided by a lack of serious competition in the Politburo. He immediately began appointing younger men of his generation to important party posts including Nikolai Ryzhkov Secretary of Economics Viktor Cherbrikov KGB Chief Foreign Minister Eduard Shevardnadze (replacing the 75-year-old Gromyko) Secretary of Defense","defined as a purely economic system. Slogans and theoretical works about democratic mass participation and collective decision-making were now replaced with texts which supported authoritarian management. Considering the situation the Party believed it had to use the same powers as the bourgeoisie to transform Russia; there was no alternative. Lenin","term \"biosphere\" was coined by geologist Eduard Suess in 1875 which he defined as the place on Earth's surface where life dwells. While the concept has a geological origin it is an indication of the effect of both Charles Darwin and Matthew F. Maury on the Earth sciences. The biosphere's","of the Golem of Prague). Bernard Bolzano was the personality of German-speaking philosophy in the Czech lands. Bohuslav Balbín was a key Czech philosopher and historian of the Baroque era. He also started the struggle for rescuing the Czech language. This culminated in the Czech national revival in the first","in other animal groups including amphibians and molluscs. Eduard Strasburger produced the same results for plants in 1884. This paved the way to assign the nucleus an important role in heredity. In 1873 August Weismann postulated the equivalence of the maternal and paternal germ \"cells\" for heredity. The function of","seen as fundamental for the rigorous formulation of analysis. In 1870 Eduard Heine showed that a continuous function defined on a closed and bounded interval was in fact uniformly continuous. In the course of the proof he made use of a lemma that from any countable cover of the interval","decades: the apposition (or lamination) theory by Eduard Strasburger (1882 1889) and the intussusception theory by Julius Wiesner (1886). In 1930 Ernst Münch coined the term \"apoplast\" in order to separate the \"living\" symplast from the \"dead\" plant region the latter of which included the cell wall. By the 1980s","1848 and 1890) Roberto Mantovani (between 1889 and 1909) William Henry Pickering (1907) and Frank Bursley Taylor (1908). In addition Eduard Suess had proposed a supercontinent Gondwana in 1885 and the Tethys Ocean in 1893 assuming a land-bridge between the present continents submerged in the form of a geosyncline and","use. Eduard Heine provided the first published definition of uniform continuity in 1872 but based these ideas on lectures given by Peter Gustav Lejeune Dirichlet in 1854. A function from the set of real numbers to the real numbers can be represented by a graph in the Cartesian plane; such","the \u201cJockey\u2019. In contrast to his own diminutive stature his personal assistant and secretary Eduard Hedvicek who later played a significant role in the unsuccessful attempt to save his life was a very large and tall man (). Dollfuss was eventually accepted and joined the Tyrolean \"Landesschützen\" regiment at Brixen","for Richard Becker for two semesters. Wigner explored quantum mechanics studying the work of Erwin Schrödinger. He also delved into the group theory of Ferdinand Frobenius and Eduard Ritter von Weber. Wigner received a request from Arnold Sommerfeld to work at the University of Göttingen as an assistant to the","his life. In Warsaw he found the same atmosphere he had enjoyed in Berlin renewing his friendship with Zacharias Werner and meeting his future biographer a neighbour and fellow jurist called Julius Eduard Itzig (who changed his name to Hitzig after his baptism). Itzig had been a member of the","double bass. In the mid-century and in the following decades many new concerti were written for the double bass including Nikos Skalkottas's Concerto (1942) Eduard Tubin's Concerto (1948) Lars-Erik Larsson's Concertino (1957) Gunther Schuller's Concerto (1962) Hans Werner Henze's Concerto (1966) and Frank Proto's Concerto No. 1 (1968). The \"Solo","1848 the year of the European revolutions and contrasts with the Romantic era which preceded it. Typical Biedermeier poets are Annette von Droste-Hülshoff Adelbert von Chamisso Eduard Mörike and Wilhelm Müller the last three named having well-known musical settings by Robert Schumann Hugo Wolf and Franz Schubert respectively. Young Germany","provided by the non-cellular fermentation experiments of Eduard Buchner during the 1890s. Buchner demonstrated that the conversion of glucose to ethanol was possible using a non-living extract of yeast (due to the action of enzymes in the extract). This experiment not only revolutionized biochemistry but also allowed later scientists to","activity produced by living organisms. Eduard Buchner submitted his first paper on the study of yeast extracts in 1897. In a series of experiments at the University of Berlin he found that sugar was fermented by yeast extracts even when there were no living yeast cells in the mixture. He","school\" 19th century) had a profound influence on the study of Gnosticism. The \"Religionsgeschichtliche Schule\" saw Gnosticism as a pre-Christian phenomenon and Christian \"gnosis\" as only one and even marginal instance of this phenomenon. According to Wilhelm Bousset (1865\u20131920) Gnosticism was a form of Iranian and Mesopotamian syncretism and Eduard","(NL Hausdorff: Capsule 21: Fasz 64) in the summer semester 1923 in which he grounded this theory in measure-theoretic axiomatic theory and this occurred ten years before A. N. Kolmogorov's \"Basic concepts of probability theory\" (reprinted in full in the collected works Volume V). In Bonn Hausdorff had Eduard Study","naturally by concatenation preserving the simplicial structure and the quotient space is just \"X\". It is well known that this method can also be used to compute the fundamental group of an arbitrary topological space. This was doubtless known to Eduard Čech and Jean Leray and explicitly appeared as a","was declined and it usually involved Kronecker so Cantor came to believe that Kronecker's stance would make it impossible for him ever to leave Halle. In 1881 Cantor's Halle colleague Eduard Heine died creating a vacant chair. Halle accepted Cantor's suggestion that it be offered to Dedekind Heinrich M. Weber","ballot fraud in the 2003 parliamentary elections Eduard Shevardnadze resigned as president on November 23 2003 in the bloodless Rose Revolution. The interim president was the speaker of the outgoing parliament (whose replacement was annulled) Nino Burjanadze. On January 4 2004 Mikheil Saakashvili leader of the United National Movement won","and probably gems and other materials but were much less common and only fragments have survived. By the early 19th century the systematic excavation of ancient Greek sites had brought forth a plethora of sculptures with traces of notably multicolored surfaces. It was not until published findings by German archaeologist","him to read passages from newspapers and magazines. During a visit to Belikhov Dostoyevsky met the family of Alexander Ivanovich Isaev and Maria Dmitrievna Isaeva and fell in love with the latter. Alexander Isaev took a new post in Kuznetsk where he died in August 1855. Maria and her son","type \"š\" and \"ž\" they are substituted with \"sh\" and \"zh\" in some written texts although this is considered incorrect. Otherwise the \"h\" in \"sh\" represents a voiceless glottal fricative as in \"Pasha\" (\"pas-ha\"); this also applies to some foreign names. Modern Estonian orthography is based on the \"Newer Orthography\"","worked almost round-the-clock under very harsh conditions with Rommel's rewards being accordions (Rommel was an eccentric and horrible violinist himself). Lieb reports that he felt pity when he saw the French's suffering in his inspection tour and probably helped to save the lives of thousands of locals. Rick Atkinson criticizes"],"title":["Achaeans (Homer)","Adam Weishaupt","Axiology","Archaeopteryx","Austria-Hungary","Asteroid","Azerbaijan","Babrak Karmal","Albertus Magnus","Anton Diabelli","Andrew Johnson","Banach space","Albert Einstein","Andrei Tarkovsky","Economy of Armenia","Athens","Foreign relations of Armenia","Bavaria","Biochemistry","Chloroplast","Cassandra","History of the Soviet Union (1982\u201391)","Communist Party of the Soviet Union","Biosphere","Czech Republic","Cell nucleus","Compact space","Cell wall","Continental drift","Continuous function","Engelbert Dollfuss","Eugene Wigner","E. T. A. Hoffmann","Double bass","German literature","Glycolysis","Enzyme","Gnosticism","Felix Hausdorff","Fundamental group","Georg Cantor","Politics of Georgia (country)","Greece","Fyodor Dostoyevsky","Estonian language","Erwin Rommel"],"word":"eduard","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2020","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2077","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3143","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2995","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2983","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=791","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=746","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4463","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1573","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2313","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1624","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3989","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=736","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=676","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1094","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1216","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1098","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3764","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3954","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6355","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6526","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7577","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7271","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4816","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5321","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6235","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6042","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6312","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6056","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6122","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10150","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10101","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10151","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8816","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12636","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12644","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9257","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12471","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10989","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11004","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12216","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12061","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12108","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11625","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10223","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9516"]}
	{"docID":[9356,9337,9334,10814,10781,9855,12646,8859,10478,11466,11523,11169,12157,11786,12837,1790,3462,4314,4391,1164,710,705,5584,8778,8767,8060,6878,8233,5467,5490,5489,5222],"text":["An unknown number of people \"disappeared\" during the conflict and the UN reports that more than 75000 were killed. The Salvadoran Army's US-trained Atlacatl Battalion was responsible for the El Mozote massacre where more than 800 civilians were murdered over half of them children the El Calabozo massacre and the","the essayist Benjamín Carrión; the poets Medardo Angel Silva Jorge Carrera Andrade; the novelist Enrique Gil Gilbert; the novelist Jorge Icaza (author of the novel \"Huasipungo\" translated to many languages); the short story author Pablo Palacio; the novelist Alicia Yanez Cossio. The best known art styles from Ecuador belonged to","in the \"Kingdom of Quito\" (today Ecuador) before the arrival of the Spanish. His historical accounts are nationalistic featuring a romantic perspective of precolonial history. Famous authors from the late colonial and early republic period include Eugenio Espejo a printer and main author of the first newspaper in Ecuadorian colonial","name the name will be ended with a suffix _E or _ie (of) such as Hasan_e roshan (Hasan is name and roshan is surname) that means Hasan of Roshan or Mosa_ie saiidi (Muses of saiidi). The _e is not for surname and it is difficult to say it is a","in Guadalajara the Morelia International Film Festival in Morelia Michoacan Mexico and the Los Cabos International Film Festival founded by Scott Cross (film director) Sean Cross and Eduardo Sanchez Navarro in Los Cabos Baja Sur Mexico are considered the most important film festivals of Latin America. In 2015 Variety called","Riviera. In 2012 Eduardo Saverin one of the founders of Facebook made headlines by renouncing his U.S. citizenship before his company's IPO. The dual Brazilian/U.S. citizen's decision to move to Singapore and renounce his citizenship spurred a bill in the U.S. Senate the Ex-PATRIOT Act which would have forced such","Madrid bringing together representatives of cities all over the world. Since then Gernika-Lumo has been a member of this association. 1988 saw the setting up of the monument \"Gure Aitaren Etxea\" by Basque sculptor Eduardo Chillida and in 1990 \"Large Figure in a Shelter\" by British sculptor Henry Moore was","that qualifies the dandy which is \"thousand of kilometers farther from immediate sensations\". And for Eduardo Sanguinetti this means in terms of the multiple strategics he will use in the passages from \"anti-fashion\" to \"look\" a radical self-emptying that emancipates from time but that does not reject the effort that","Eduardo Blasco Ferrer (1956 \u2013 12 January 2017) was a Spanish-Italian linguist and a professor at the University of Cagliari Sardinia. He is best known as the author of several studies about the Paleo-Sardinian and Sardinian language. He was born in Barcelona","centre-right majority. In opposition to this government a revolutionary communist/anarchist movement broke out on 5 October 1934. This uprising was rapidly quelled in most of the country but gained a stronghold in Asturias with the support of the miners' unions. Franco already General of Division and aide to the war","power between the military dictators General Jorge Rafael Videla and General Roberto Eduardo Viola late in March 1981\u2014Argentina had been in the midst of a devastating economic stagnation and large-scale civil unrest against the military \"junta\" that had been governing the country since 1976. In December 1981 there was a","BR-22] CE-090 CE-085 CE-065 CE-060 CE-040 and CE-025. The city's road transport system is regulated by the Fortaleza Urban Transportation Company (ETUFOR) an agency of the Municipality of Fortaleza while the transit of vehicles is supervised by the Municipal Authority of Transit Public Services and Citizenship (AMC). The collective transport","dressed ostentatiously and surrounded himself with statues and paintings of the emperor regularly commenting on the similarities between their appearances. He militarized numerous political and social institutions\u2014including the post office schools and symphony orchestras\u2014and placed military officers in charge of many government posts. He frequently travelled around the country performing","the Best Actress Award at Cannes for her performance. With Pinelli he developed \"Journey with Anita\" for Sophia Loren and Gregory Peck. An \"invention born out of intimate truth\" the script was based on Fellini's return to Rimini with a mistress to attend his father's funeral. Due to Loren\u2019s unavailability","number was fixed finally as one single chalice. Centuries after a field of crosses was slowly added to the azure background and latterly also a silver host. Since then basically the emblem of the kingdom would be kept until nowadays. The ancient flag of the Kingdom of Galicia was based","of placed a bronze tablet at a spot called Selkirk's Lookout on a mountain of Más a Tierra Juan Fernández Islands to mark his stay. On 1 January 1966 Chilean president Eduardo Frei Montalva renamed Más a Tierra Robinson Crusoe Island after Defoe's fictional character to attract tourists. The largest","a letter to an emergency session of Congress. After his resignation was accepted and his vice president Carlos Mesa invested he left on a commercially scheduled flight for the United States. The country's internal situation became unfavorable for such political action on the international stage. After a resurgence of gas","in part because of a backlash from promoters over the South Africa incident other European shows were cancelled. Bassist Dave Spitz left the band shortly before the tour and was replaced by Jo Burt formerly of Virginia Wolf. Following the poor commercial performance of \"The Eternal Idol\" Black Sabbath were","to have two winners each getting US$200000. In 2015 the also had two winners; one from the teens and one from the regular adults. Each of which received PHP1000000. Bigg Boss 8 (India) ended with a twist where the top five contestants were crowned 'champions' . The season was extended","learning network with a single layer similar to the old concept of linear regression. Early pioneers also include Alexey Grigorevich Ivakhnenko Teuvo Kohonen Stephen Grossberg Kunihiko Fukushima Christoph von der Malsburg David Willshaw Shun-Ichi Amari Bernard Widrow John Hopfield Eduardo R. Caianiello and others. The main categories of networks are","personal bodyguards of Angolan President José Eduardo dos Santos. Many thousands of Angolans fled the country after the civil war. More than 20000 people were forced to leave the Democratic Republic of the Congo in 2009 an action the DR Congo said was in retaliation for regular expulsion of Congolese","FNLA's elected MPs - while José Eduardo dos Santos continued to exercise his functions without democratic legitimation. However the armed forces of the MPLA (now the official armed forces of the Angolan state) and of UNITA fought each other until the leader of UNITA Jonas Savimbi was killed in action","Zaldivar this movement was supported by the United States. In 1940 Cuba conducted free and fair national elections. Fulgencio Batista endorsed by Communists won the election. Communists attacked the anti-Batista opposition branding Ramón Grau San Martín and other candidates as \"fascists\" \"reactionaries\" and \"Trotskyists\". The relatively progressivist 1940 Constitution was","for an unlimited number of five-year terms. Although billed as a measure to ensure stability critics charged that the amendments threatened Nicaraguan democracy. The constitutional reforms also gave Ortega the sole power to appoint military and police commanders. As of 2016 Ortega's family owns three of the nine free-to-air television","the Imperial Honor Guard with the role of protecting the Imperial Family. The Guard was later disbanded by Emperor Peter II and would be recreated only later in the republican era. At the time of the Republic proclamation in 1889 horse #6 of the Imperial Honor Guard was ridden by","Republic has a multi-party political system. Elections are held every two years alternating between the presidential elections which are held in years evenly divisible by four and the congressional and municipal elections which are held in even-numbered years not divisible by four. \"International observers have found that presidential and congressional","as Diego Maradona Enzo Francescoli and José Luis Chilavert. Since retiring from professional football Valderrama has become assistant manager of Atlético Junior. On November 1 2007 Valderrama accused a referee of corruption by waving cash in the face of Oscar Julian Ruiz when the official awarded a penalty to América","Schuldiner has been credited by Allmusic's Eduardo Rivadavia for being widely recognized as the \"Father of Death Metal\". Death's 1987 debut release \"Scream Bloody Gore\" has been described by About.com's Chad Bowar as being the \"evolution from thrash metal to death metal\" and \"the first true death metal record\" by","Angolan President José Eduardo dos Santos. Both countries established diplomatic relations on July 26 1975 . Both countries established diplomatic relations on 26 February 2007. Australia and Cape Verde are represented to each other\u2019s country through their respective embassies in Lisbon Portugal. Both countries established diplomatic relations in 1976. In","burnt alive in what became known as the Caso Quemado (\"Burnt Alive case\"). Chile's constitution established that in 1988 there would be another plebiscite in which the voters would accept or reject a single candidate proposed by the Military Junta. Pinochet was as expected the candidate proposed but was denied","and foreign private investment although the copper industry and other important mineral resources were not opened for competition. In a plebiscite on 5 October 1988 Pinochet was denied a second eight-year term as president (56% against 44%). Chileans elected a new president and the majority of members of a bicameral","Loyola Pedro Simón Juan Rodríguez Freyle (\"El Carnero\") Lucas Fernández de Piedrahita and the nun Francisca Josefa de Castillo representative of mysticism. Post-independence literature linked to Romanticism highlighted Antonio Nariño José Fernández Madrid Camilo Torres Tenorio and Francisco Antonio Zea. In the second half of the nineteenth century and early"],"title":["El Salvador","Ecuadorians","Ecuador","Surnames by country","Film festival","Exile","Guernica","Dandy","Eduardo Blasco Ferrer","Francisco Franco","Falklands War","Fortaleza","History of Guatemala","Federico Fellini","Galicia (Spain)","Alexander Selkirk","Bolivia","Black Sabbath","Big Brother (franchise)","Artificial intelligence","Foreign relations of Angola","Politics of Angola","History of Cuba","Daniel Ortega","Dragoon","Dominican Republic","Carlos Valderrama","Death metal","Foreign relations of Cape Verde","History of Chile","Chile","Colombia"],"word":"eduardo","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9356","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9337","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9334","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10814","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10781","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12646","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8859","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10478","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11466","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11523","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11169","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12157","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11786","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12837","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1790","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3462","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4314","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4391","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1164","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=710","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=705","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5584","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8778","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8767","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8060","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6878","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8233","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5467","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5490","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5489","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5222"]}
	{"docID":[11339],"text":["Prolog<br> Edinburgh SML<br> Edison<br> EDL<br> EDM<br> EdML<br> EDMS<br> EDO DRAM<br> EDO memory<br> EDO RAM<br> EDP<br> EDRAM<br> e-dress<br> EDS+<br> edu<br> edutainment<br> Edward Lorenz<br> Edward Yourdon<br> ee<br> EEMA<br> EEPROM<br> EER<br> E. F. Codd<br> EFF<br> effective computable<br> effective number of bits<br> Effort Adjustment Factor<br> EFL<br> EFNet<br> Eforth<br> E-Forth<br> EFT<br> EFTS<br> eg<br> EGA<br> egosurfing<br>"],"title":["Wikipedia:Free On-line Dictionary of Computing/E - H"],"word":"edubr","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11339"]}
	{"docID":[11369,11337,11285,11161,11185,11169,11331,11281,11194,11195,11319,11227,11109,11339,11145,11162,11358,11330,11259,11168,11282,11257,11181,11231,11244,11188,11175,11288,11182,11252,11547,11458,11408,11600,11544,11391,11431,11479,11475,11625,11587,11593,11396,11466,11519,11627,11418,11574,11543,11387,11448,11461,11460,11491,11525,11530,11497,11592,13224,13156,13275,13104,13120,13171,13159,13270,13212,13253,13118,13172,13250,13145,10989,10858,10960,11033,10992,10823,11015,11001,10878,10979,10951,10825,11054,11002,10896,10957,10828,11092,10993,10996,10859,10868,10852,13076,13070,12991,13082,13049,13021,12883,12961,12970,13037,13046,12855,13058,12980,12957,12997,12963,12955,12881,13022,13017,12958,12976,12995,12837,12862,12899,12990,12835,12964,12987,12891,13024,11929,11867,11974,11955,11887,11875,11698,11857,11820,11968,11883,11874,11812,11958,11891,11794,11953,11959,11973,11705,11773,11826,11675,11884,11930,11699,11772,11801,12108,12218,12067,12150,12186,12065,12176,12060,12111,12157,12102,12229,12213,12010,12061,12131,12072,12166,12216,12161,12075,12233,12112,12234,12027,12047,12063,12118,12070,12062,12104,12080,12191,12007,12189,12069,12073,12015,12179,12199,12148,12123,12181,12113,12232,12025,12775,12566,12590,12674,12707,12750,12537,12740,12663,12562,12594,12789,12743,12622,12651,12533,12646,12645,12804,12569,12710,12731,12686,12615,12551,12696,12578,12552,12665,12557,12697,12754,12648,12799,12772,12794,12810,12730,9299,9334,9252,9223,9236,9339,9253,9349,9321,9239,9351,9262,9317,9160,9132,9099,9338,9248,9140,9279,9311,9316,9352,9333,9247,9238,9128,9235,9342,10005,10021,10004,10152,10119,10013,9971,9986,10002,10128,10115,10150,10046,10174,10011,10075,9993,10110,9962,10105,10081,10091,10148,9974,9955,10030,10101,10153,9997,10133,10076,10085,10067,9508,9356,9366,9364,9545,9514,9536,9602,9420,9498,9391,9369,9455,9424,9402,9549,9374,9380,9481,9359,9611,9480,9482,9367,9459,9389,9506,9541,9384,9516,9370,9515,9615,9441,9400,9603,9750,9799,9683,9896,9684,9895,9737,9892,9824,9658,9695,9778,9891,9620,9657,9806,9808,9764,9755,9705,9706,9810,9674,9815,9830,9843,9723,9841,9724,9814,9627,10772,10712,10577,10672,10683,10663,10612,10710,10597,10791,10633,10623,10725,10711,10819,10511,10778,10786,10737,10689,10783,10518,10781,10793,10596,10707,10671,10700,10740,10332,10357,10223,10315,10328,10186,10407,10264,10286,10482,10374,10207,10313,10258,10473,10400,10390,10406,10293,10277,10409,10245,10510,10224,10404,10358,12480,12307,12398,12432,12454,12521,12426,12491,12471,12281,12495,12253,12353,12326,12333,12493,12274,12369,12246,12407,12408,12305,12309,12479,12514,8997,8845,8968,8881,8783,8973,9021,8876,8912,9014,8875,9010,8921,8855,9039,8828,8927,9002,8833,8844,8900,9072,8914,8860,8886,8786,9058,8824,8816,5050,5211,5178,5278,5015,4982,5195,5142,4986,4980,4971,5176,5048,5188,5046,5166,5213,5233,5216,4973,5180,5282,5222,5199,5224,5194,5031,7070,7144,7175,6886,7016,6942,7021,7129,6889,7059,7056,7179,6881,6968,6947,6883,7011,6884,6984,7104,7085,7119,6902,7025,6874,6928,7390,7434,7478,7222,7462,7202,7383,7305,7406,7382,7299,7294,7487,7345,7185,7293,7398,7283,7397,7236,7381,7271,7447,7342,6623,6321,6452,6533,6336,6532,6630,6558,6451,6340,6566,6466,6610,6468,6437,6443,7683,7676,7818,7591,7587,7738,7668,7564,7541,7821,7554,7577,7525,7612,7822,7773,7573,7740,7578,7550,7593,7626,7672,7628,7716,7635,7566,7742,7630,7824,7548,7558,8051,8060,8128,7930,8043,8025,8067,8005,7891,8024,8038,7959,8090,8133,7989,7925,8033,7976,8104,7845,7957,8078,7885,8065,8088,7978,8063,8083,8716,8742,8729,8753,8778,4848,4741,4827,4820,4868,4792,4717,4752,4693,4858,4745,4896,4871,4880,4941,4911,4930,4862,4842,4695,4770,8699,8582,8478,8660,8522,8713,8642,8683,8687,8584,8533,8592,8487,8504,8613,8650,8715,8662,8500,8695,8659,8574,8560,8605,8498,8629,5935,5874,5762,5938,5942,5836,5981,5909,5830,5786,5766,5882,5845,5769,5839,5844,5884,5751,5951,5820,5931,5961,5876,5928,5822,5829,5955,5865,5945,5796,5823,5976,5790,5804,5750,5696,5593,5689,5596,5576,5622,5735,5551,5636,5588,5554,5676,5626,5688,5695,5573,5690,5559,5597,5598,5575,5654,5581,5645,5681,5592,5556,5646,5648,5736,5566,5630,5561,5739,5584,5708,5635,5574,5698,6310,6046,6187,6267,6210,6038,6024,6195,6208,6003,6251,6117,6288,6088,6185,6258,6130,6059,6002,6176,6290,6091,6293,5992,5374,5490,5478,5488,5321,5363,5403,5399,5314,5430,5432,5416,5326,5322,5391,5407,5489,5323,5473,5378,5520,5468,5523,5397,5388,5405,5447,5486,5494,5500,5481,5461,8182,8205,8351,8303,8418,8256,8227,8237,8389,8432,8199,8308,8305,8169,8206,8302,8176,8242,8412,8193,8240,8311,8209,8391,8211,8197,8166,6811,6787,6749,6666,6859,6751,6653,6742,6814,6822,6824,6675,6731,6784,6852,6677,6771,6849,6747,738,25,303,12,717,701,737,573,600,308,653,706,339,307,736,358,624,682,664,683,690,628,711,572,595,689,620,569,580,704,3383,3470,3343,3415,3454,3464,3450,3354,3458,3637,3457,3466,3338,3583,3607,3462,3376,3459,3453,3469,3451,3537,3460,3385,3356,3463,3408,3605,3455,3634,3535,3401,3614,1859,1734,1930,1845,1627,1645,1655,1789,1625,1938,1751,1640,1624,1814,1914,1822,1841,1937,1881,1676,1842,1726,1897,1806,1921,1902,1837,1812,1828,1649,4463,4608,4545,4647,4554,4482,4481,4560,4462,4477,4589,4484,4492,4451,4531,4565,4583,4622,3850,3832,3638,3873,3708,3678,3874,3789,3665,3817,3875,3933,3765,3778,3747,3696,3921,3674,3776,3856,3878,3650,3738,3722,3712,3683,2377,2185,2176,2397,2428,2447,2444,2408,2236,2398,2439,2343,2179,2466,2338,2460,2314,2402,2425,2388,2310,2186,2406,2405,2422,2241,2382,2381,2197,2411,2201,2204,2222,2274,2376,2245,1573,1293,1520,1449,1384,1408,1397,1546,1338,1315,1270,1446,1592,1494,1576,1537,1556,1451,1409,1325,1423,1425,1485,1577,1530,1623,1316,1600,1363,1613,1130,1214,1216,1051,1038,1217,1078,1097,1152,1110,1092,1016,984,1029,1017,1201,1162,1177,1164,1208,1143,1235,1170,1028,1148,1081,1023,1094,1002,1058,1192,983,4157,4032,4041,4031,4182,4237,4214,4179,4015,3973,4054,4059,4068,4078,4173,4171,4207,4233,3979,4166,3992,4146,3986,4149,4163,4294,4312,4443,4385,4251,4401,4261,4333,4249,4400,4360,4243,4298,4367,869,951,856,915,864,967,930,771,777,783,844,765,872,874,746,752,852,974,803,748,980,808,784,887,800,791,931,851,892,825,914,857,2847,2834,2701,2736,2877,2593,2493,2467,2563,2610,2717,2609,2712,2813,2851,2745,2640,2753,2607,2681,2544,2678,2861,2514,2512,2594,2692,2552,2869,2503,2668,2707,2671,2686,2575,1950,2116,2137,2130,2029,2154,2030,1957,2077,2062,1973,2162,2104,2009,2018,2085,2003,2174,2038,2126,2032,2117,2152,1944,2006,2084,2108,2088,2017,2144,2025,2175,3019,3029,2983,3138,3198,3079,2927,3080,3012,3020,3225,2928,3333,2999,3110,3118,2988,2987,3192,3229,3035,2957,3010,3049,2965,4667,4675,4660,4669],"text":["in the spring of 1918. Capra later wrote that his college education had \"changed his whole viewpoint on life from the viewpoint of an alley rat to the viewpoint of a cultured person\". Soon after graduating college Capra was commissioned in the US Army as a second lieutenant having completed","Coroutine Pascal<br> Corporation for Open Systems<br> Corporation for Research and Educational Networking<br> CORREGATE<br> Correlatives and Conversions<br> Cortex<br> CORTL<br> COS<br> COSE<br> COSINE<br> cosmic rays<br> COSS<br> Cost Driver Attribute<br> Cost/Schedule Control System Criteria<br> COTS<br> Cougar<br> cough and die<br> countable<br> countably many<br> counted<br> country code<br> coupling<br> Course Author Language<br> courseware<br> Coursewriter III<br> cowboy<br>","a member of a huge and powerful northern Mexican family with long-standing issues with the Díaz regime. Francisco and his brother Gustavo A. Madero attended the Jesuit college in Saltillo but his early Catholic education had little lasting impact. Instead his father's subscription to the magazine \"Revue Spirite\" awakened in","Ernest Copleston was the Bishop of Colombo. Copleston was educated at Marlborough College from 1920 to 1925. At the age of eighteen he converted to the Roman Catholic faith which caused great stress in his family. Despite his initial objections his father helped him complete his education at St John's","women's subordination in the family and the workplace. The \"feminization of employment\" refers to a conceptual characterization of deteriorated and devalorized labour conditions that are less desirable meaningful safe and secure. Employers in the global south have perceptions about feminine labour and seek workers who are perceived to be undemanding","environmental sensitivity of the city where it is possible to identify geoenvironmental formations such as coastal plain fluvial plain and surface of the coastal trays. The Cocó river mangrove is home to mollusks crustaceans fish reptiles birds and mammals. The park has a structure of visitation with guides ecological trails","Systems<br> National Institute of Standards and Technology<br> National Research and Education Network<br> National Science Foundation<br> National Science Foundation Network<br> National Software Reuse Directory<br> National Spatial Data Infrastructure<br> National Television Standards Committee<br> native compiler<br> Native Language System<br> NATURAL<br> natural deduction<br> Natural English<br> natural language<br> Natural Language Information Analysis Method<br> natural language","Got Dames\" and \"This Night of Nights\". The show has also been used as a text response for both Years 11 and 12 in the English units of the Victorian Certificate of Education. Episodes of \"Frontline\" have been analysed for the Media topic in the Year 10 English syllabus in","Association since his undergraduate years at Cornell an education enterprise that was home to other significant leaders and intellectuals including Steven Weinberg Paul Wolfowitz and Kathleen Sullivan. Fukuyama was the Omer L. and Nancy Hirst Professor of Public Policy in the School of Public Policy at George Mason University from","manual alphabets found a new purpose. They were originally part of the earliest known Mouth Hand Systems. The first book on deaf education published in 1620 by Juan Pablo Bonet in Madrid included a detailed account of the use of a manual alphabet to teach deaf students to read and","1st Baron Burghley making Burghley Bacon's uncle. Biographers believe that Bacon was educated at home in his early years owing to poor health which would plague him throughout his life. He received tuition from John Walsall a graduate of Oxford with a strong leaning toward Puritanism. He entered Trinity College","education or disaster relief. These private local Lodges form the backbone of Freemasonry and a Freemason will necessarily have been initiated into one of these. There also exist specialist Lodges where Masons meet to celebrate events such as sport or Masonic research. The rank of Master Mason also entitles a","Study & Research) and its review \"Recherche\" (\"Research\") working on philosophy mathematics psychoanalysis education architecture ethnology etc. The F.G.E.R.I. came to represent aspects of the multiple political and cultural engagements of Guattari: the Group for Young Hispanics the Franco-Chinese Friendships (in the times of the people's communes) the opposition activities","hierarchical file system<br> Hierarchical Music Specification Language<br> hierarchical routing<br> hierarchy<br> high bit<br> High bit-rate Digital Subscriber Line<br> high colour<br> high density<br> Higher Education National Software Archive<br> higher-order function<br> higher-order macro<br> High-level Data Link Control<br> high-level language<br> high memory area<br> high moby<br> High Performance Computing and Communications<br> High Performance File System<br>","to reduce sources of ignition. Fire prevention also includes education to teach people how to avoid causing fires. Buildings especially schools and tall buildings often conduct fire drills to inform and prepare citizens on how to react to a building fire. Purposely starting destructive fires constitutes arson and is a","education financing durable goods such as real estate and cars buying insurance e.g. health and property insurance investing and saving for retirement. Personal finance may also involve paying for a loan or debt obligations. The six key areas of personal financial planning as suggested by the Financial Planning Standards Board","German Youth Movement he was offered the opportunity to talk about the issue of technology and education to Adolf Hitler and other leading National Socialists in 1928. In the meantime Wankel's mother had helped founding the local chapter of the NSDAP in his hometown Lahr. Here Wankel not only rejoined","Software Engineering<br> Interactive System Productivity Facility<br> Interactive Voice Response<br> Interagency Interim National Research and Education Network<br> InterBase<br> INTERCAL<br> Interchange File Format<br> INTERCOM<br> Interest Group in Pure and Applied Logics<br> interesting<br> interface<br> interface analysis<br> Interface Architect<br> Interface Definition Language<br> Interface Description Language<br> Interface Message Processor<br> Interior Gateway Protocol<br> interlace<br> interlaced image<br>","and members of the media due to the connotation of its language and overall ambiguity. It also threatens the financial interests of legitimate global business. In democratic societies journalism and the media play an indispensable role in educating the public and combating corruption. In 2011-2012 Abdel-Bari Zamzami of Morocco issued","a good choice for programmers needing the expanded abilities of their host processor(s) e.g. WATFOR typically had very limited access to I/O devices. WATFOR was succeeded by WATFIV and its later versions. LRLTRAN was developed at the Lawrence Radiation Laboratory to provide support for vector arithmetic and dynamic storage among","time we object to a thing being done by government the socialists conclude that we object to its being done at all. We disapprove of state education. Then the socialists say that we are opposed to any education. We object to a state religion. Then the socialists say that we","inequality of women\". There are many examples of redefined gender roles and gender identity found in Feminist SF ranging from the inversion of gendered oppression to the amplification of gender stereotypes and tropes. In the short story \"The Matter of Seggri\" by Ursula Le Guin traditional gender roles are completely","Sinatra displayed a \"genius\" ability and feeling which with the \"rare combination of voice and showmanship\" made him the \"original singer\" which others who followed most tried to emulate. George Roberts a trombonist in Sinatra's band remarked that Sinatra had a \"charisma or whatever it is about him that no","and education) as the fourth factor of production with entrepreneurship as a form of human capital. Yet others refer to intellectual capital. More recently many have begun to see \"social capital\" as a factor as contributing to production of goods and services. Consider entrepreneurship as a factor of production leaving","Azusa Pacific University was formed by a merger with Los Angeles Pacific College and other small denominational colleges. The denomination currently maintains a relationship with the following educational institutions: In addition the Free Methodist Church is one of several denominations supporting Azusa Pacific University (Azusa CA). Wessington Springs College is","kings had so thoroughly centralised the system that most nobles spent their time at Versailles and thus played only a small direct role in their home districts. Thompson says that the kings had: After the first year of revolution this power had been stripped away. The king was a figurehead","education medical services) produced by people is in effect a purported \"right\" to enslave others. Some notable philosophers such as Alasdair MacIntyre have theorized freedom in terms of our social interdependence with other people. American Economist Milton Friedman in his book Capitalism and Freedom argues that there are two types","humanitarian aid such as health care educational programs and food and has supported mine-clearing operations. The UNDP and associated agencies have undertaken a limited number of development projects. However the UN reduced its role in Afghanistan in 1992 in the wake of fierce factional strife in and around Kabul. The","heirs carrying them out with alternative gifts if they are not followed. This requires the will to become available in time; aspects of the disposition of the remains of US President Franklin Delano Roosevelt ran contrary to a number of his stated wishes which were found in a safe that","combining a National Internship Program a Second Chance Education Scheme an Apprenticeship Guarantee and Community Work Program as well as instituting a German style Workshare program. Commentary on the FG's economic proposals has generally been positive from some economic commentators including Eddie Hobbs and David McWilliams who have praised the","words are written in the original foreign script such as hangul for Korean and furigana is used to indicate the pronunciation. According to Ministry of Education guidelines and the opinions of educators the use of Japanese furigana should be avoided in English teaching due to the differences in pronunciation between","serving as a direct visual illustration of the Bible to educate those unable to read the book. From 1498 is his famous portrait of Savonarola now in the Museo Nazionale di San Marco in Florence. The following year he was commissioned a fresco of the \"Universal Judgement\" for the Ospedale","and closed like an infibulated woman.) But despite throwing the insult back the Zabarma girls would ask their mothers \"What's the matter? Don't we have razor blades like the Arabs?\" Because of poor access to information and because circumcisers downplay the causal connection women may not associate the health consequences","due to the admiration the Mughals (who were of Turco-Mongol origin) had for the foreign language. It took prominence as the language of culture and education in several Muslim courts on the subcontinent and became the sole \"official language\" under the Mughal emperors. Beginning in 1843 though English and Hindustani","with the Legion taking the As-Salman Airport meeting little resistance. The war ended after a hundred hours of fighting on the ground which resulted in very light casualties for the Legion. Prior to the end of the Algerian War the legion had not been stationed in mainland France except in","first part of the eleventh century when Rome and the pope sought autonomy from the Holy Roman Emperor. It had been a central issue in the reign of Pope Gregory VII and his battles with Henry IV Holy Roman Emperor. The issue was never settled. Years of teaching by Roman","of the alphabet in Greek mythology would remain an important symbolic reference for him. Pessoa returned to his uncompleted formal studies complementing his British education with self-directed study of Portuguese culture. The pre-revolutionary atmosphere surrounding the assassination of King Charles I and Crown Prince Luís Filipe in 1908 and the","there than in South Africa in a year\". He became Transvaal provincial National Party leader in 1982 and chairman of the Minister's Council in the House of Assembly in 1985. As education minister between 1984 and 1989 he upheld the apartheid system in South Africa's schools. For most of his","this the biggest contributor to population growth in recent years. The island has 116 schools with a total of 14337 pupils. Of these 45 are primary schools ten are secondary schools six are for Baccalaureate students and four are vocational colleges. Fuerteventura also has a centre linked with the National","Karamzin Pushkin and Derzhavin; Gothic fiction such as Ann Radcliffe; romantic works by Schiller and Goethe; heroic tales by Cervantes and Walter Scott; and Homer's epics. Although his father's approach to education has been described as strict and harsh Dostoyevsky himself reports that his imagination was brought alive by nightly","understanding of feminist theology are Mary Daly and Rosemary Radford Ruether. Mary Daly grew up an Irish Catholic and all of her education was received through Catholic schools. She has three doctorate degrees. One from St. Mary\u2019s College in sacred theology and two from University of Fribourg Switzerland in theology","and build stronger followings. The flat-earth conjecture has flourished in this environment. The solar eclipse of August 21 2017 gave rise to numerous YouTube videos purporting to show how the details of the eclipse prove the earth is flat. Also in 2017 a scandal developed in Arab scientific and educational","point of great dispute due to the contradicting statements in the establishing decree stating: and: These two specifications are incompatible as leap years defined by the autumnal equinox in Paris do not recur on a regular four-year schedule. Thus the years III VII and XI were observed as leap years","Madrid Catalonia or the Basque Country fared much better than Extremadura Galicia or Andalusia. Some regions like Extremadura or La Mancha did not have a university. The Basque Country and Catalonia were among the regions that offered the strongest resistance to Franco in the Civil War. Franco dissolved the autonomy","a full-time head teacher and a part-time assistant teacher. The number of pupils varies over time but is generally between 5 and 10 with 5 pupils in 2014/2015. Islanders of secondary school age are generally educated off-island on Shetland Mainland where they board in halls of residence returning to the","belief in miraculous healing or the sovereignty of God over illness while those with experience of higher education had more inclusive beliefs about miraculous healing and saw human input as less important in the healing process. The study further showed that people with degrees or post-graduate qualifications can and do","Fiume (Austria-Hungary now Rijeka Croatia) (1901\u20131906). He returned to the United States to continue his education at New York University. From 1907 to 1910 he worked as an interpreter for the U.S. Bureau of Immigration at the Ellis Island immigration station. He graduated from New York University School of Law","of East Prussia which joined the Prussian and Russian triangulation networks and he obtained an estimate of increased accuracy for the figure of the Earth nowadays referred to as the Bessel ellipsoid. Despite lacking a university education Bessel was a major figure in astronomy during his lifetime. He was elected","the authorities took steps to have him educated in the Roman Catholic faith his mother contrived his escape. For two years his brother and he lived as fugitives in the mountains of the Cévennes but they at last reached Geneva where their mother afterwards joined them on escaping from the","have a formal education in rhetoric/philosophy and an advanced knowledge of the Greek language. Graham Stanton rejects Petrine authorship because 1 Peter was most likely written during the reign of Domitian in AD 81 which is when he believes widespread Christian persecution began which is long after the death of","of intermarriages between Japanese settlers and Micronesians during the Japanese colonial period. There is also a growing expatriate population of Americans Australians Europeans and residents from China and the Philippines since the 1990s. English has become the common language of the government and for secondary and tertiary education. Outside of","forms was satisfactory but not as stimulating. After the age of 14 he was educated at Mill Hill School in London (on scholarship) where he studied mathematics physics and chemistry with his best friend John Shilston. He shared the Walter Knox Prize for Chemistry on Mill Hill School's Foundation Day","and their son Ford Madox Brown in 1821. Brown's education was limited as the family frequently moved between lodgings in the Pas-de-Calais and relatives in Kent but he showed artistic talent in copying of old master prints. His father initially sought a naval career for his son writing to his","and Roman education the fable was the first of the \"progymnasmata\"\u2014training exercises in prose composition and public speaking\u2014wherein students would be asked to learn fables expand upon them invent their own and finally use them as persuasive examples in longer forensic or deliberative speeches. The need of instructors to teach","the Germans executed many freedom fighters and political opponents publicly in streets and squares including the Piazza Santo Spirito. Florence was liberated by the New Zealand Army (2nd New Zealand Division) and South African troops on 4 August 1944. At the end of World War II in Europe in May","Reform Judaism. Savage was educated at Brentwood School a private co-educational day school in Brentwood in the Westside area of Los Angeles County in California. He graduated from Stanford University in 1999 with a bachelor's degree in English and as a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Savage's first screen performance","education level health of the populace economic status religious affiliations and other aspects of the population. The Demographics of the Federated States of Micronesia refers to the population characteristics of people who inhabit the Federated States of Micronesia. The indigenous population of the Federated States of Micronesia which is predominantly","use educational use use in charity or humanitarian organizations non-military use use by public authorities or various other combinations of these type of restrictions. For instance the license may be \"free for private non-commercial use\". The software license may also impose various other restrictions such as restricted use over a","service the aristocracy had a dominant voice in decisions affecting the universities and the churches. In 1914 Germany's diplomats consisted of eight princes 29 counts 20 barons 54 other nobles and a mere 11 commoners. The commoners were chiefly the sons of leading industrialists or bankers. Almost all the diplomats","therefore that a learned education should not be seen as a necessary qualification for ministry. George Fox knew people who were \"professors\" (followers of the standard religion) but by the age of 19 he had begun to look down on their behaviour in particular drinking alcohol. He records that in","Smaller groups of Hungarian speakers live in Canada Slovenia and Austria but also in Australia Brazil Argentina Mexico Venezuela and Chile. Standard Hungarian is based on the variety spoken in the capital of Budapest although use of the standard dialect is enforced Hungarian has a number of urban and rural","no funding relying solely on books donated. Since its founding in 2005 the collection has grown to thousands of books due to the generosity of the campus community. The library has expanded to include caps and gowns which are lent out to graduating seniors every spring. Grinnell hosts the Titular","the bismuth atoms. Seaborg's technique would have been far too expensive to enable routine manufacturing of gold but his work was close to the mythical Philosopher's Stone. In 1981 Seaborg became a founding member of the World Cultural Council. In 1983 President Ronald Reagan appointed Seaborg to serve on the","which presented the Brundtland Report on sustainable development. Educated as a physician Brundtland joined the Labour Party and entered the government in 1974 as Minister of the Environment. She became the first female Prime Minister of Norway on 4 February 1981 but left office already on 14 October 1981; she","I. The Jesuit Juan de Mariana's 1598 \"On Kings and the Education of Kings\" explicitly justified the assassination of the French king Henry III\u2014who had been stabbed to death by a Catholic fanatic in 1589\u2014and until the 1620s some English Catholics believed that regicide was justifiable to remove tyrants from","students in Hawaii that school year nearly three times the approximate national average of 6%. It has four of the largest independent schools; Iolani School Kamehameha Schools Mid-Pacific Institute and Punahou School. Pacific Buddhist Academy the second Buddhist high school in the U.S. and first such school in Hawaii was","Russian army. He was forced to withdraw. On the march back his army was harassed by Cossacks and suffered disease and starvation. Only 20000 of his men survived the campaign. By 1813 the tide had begun to turn from Napoleon. Having been defeated by a seven nation army at the","seventeen children of Joshua Mayhew. He was educated at Westminster School before running away from his studies to sea. He then served with the East India Company as a midshipman on a ship bound for Calcutta. He returned after several years in 1829 becoming a trainee lawyer in Wales. He","family she attended elementary school and then was educated by a private tutor (a guest of one of her relatives) and moved on to study literature on her own. She started writing at a very young age inspired by the Sardinian peasants and their struggles. The first novel she wrote","rhetoricians Himerius and Proaeresius. Upon finishing his education he taught rhetoric in Athens for a short time. In 361 Gregory returned to Nazianzus and was ordained a presbyter by his father who wanted him to assist with caring for local Christians. The younger Gregory who had been considering a monastic","March 23 2010. Along with the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (signed March 30) the Act is a product of the health care reform efforts of the Democratic 111th Congress and the Obama administration. The law includes health-related provisions to take effect over the next four years","for the invention of the so-called \"Cardano's Rings\" also called Chinese Rings but it is very probable that they predate Cardano. Significantly in the history of education of the deaf he said that deaf people were capable of using their minds argued for the importance of teaching them and was","of mathematical areas. In addition to teaching and research in mathematics he went with his literary and philosophical inclinations. A man of varied interests educated highly sensitive and sophisticated in thinking feeling and experiencing he frequented in his Leipzig period with a number of famous writers artists and publishers such","by contrast and lived by himself for the first time. From 1889 to 1893 Kafka attended the ' German boys' elementary school at the ' (meat market) now known as Masná Street. His Jewish education ended with his Bar Mitzvah celebration at the age of 13. Kafka never enjoyed attending","to conceal public records that are not \"educational\" in nature has been widely criticized including by the act's primary Senate sponsor. For example in the Owasso Independent School District v. Falvo case an important part of the debate was determining the relationship between peer-grading and \"education records\" as defined in","their activities other plantation owners became incensed about their slaves being educated. One Sunday they burst in on the gathering armed with clubs and stones to disperse the congregation permanently. In 1833 Thomas Auld took Douglass back from Hugh (\"[a]s a means of punishing Hugh\" Douglass later wrote). Thomas Auld","tips\". \"Öko-Test\" is a consumer-oriented magazine that focuses on ecological topics. \"Titanic\" is a well-known and often criticized satirical magazine with a circulation of approximately 100000. Frankfurt's first radio station was the Südwestdeutsche Rundfunkdienst AG (Southwest German Broadcast Service) founded in 1924. Its successor service is the public broadcaster Hessischer","prodigy he completed his musical education and composed his earlier works in Warsaw before leaving Poland at the age of 20 less than a month before the outbreak of the November 1830 Uprising. At 21 he settled in Paris. Thereafter during the last 18 years of his life he gave","information on astronomy physics mathematics women and science and education. In the meantime Algarotti had made acquaintance with Antiochus Kantemir a Moldavian diplomat poet and composer. He was invited to visit Russia for the wedding of Duke Anthony Ulrich of Brunswick. In 1739 he left with Lord Baltimore from Sheerness","in London. Hoyle was educated at Bingley Grammar School and read mathematics at Emmanuel College Cambridge. In late 1940 Hoyle left Cambridge to go to Portsmouth to work for the Admiralty on radar research for example devising a method to get the altitude of the incoming aeroplanes. He was also","went to subsidized private schools (both religious schools or 'methodical pedagogies' schools). The big freedom given to schools results in a constant competition to be the \"best\" school. The schools get certain reputations amongst parents and employers. So it's important for schools to be the best school since the subsidies","enterprise in American history \u2014 the Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA) \u2014 which built dams and power stations controlled floods and modernized agriculture and home conditions in the poverty-stricken Tennessee Valley. Executive Order 6102 declared that all privately held gold of American citizens was to be sold to the U.S. Treasury and the","burnings themselves became a form of entertainment to the general public. Bradbury described himself as \"a \"preventor\" of futures not a predictor of them.\" He did not believe that book burning was an inevitable part of the future; he wanted to warn against its development. In a later interview when","became the unofficial leader of the opposition by virtue of the FDP's position as the largest opposition party in the Bundestag. In the 2009 European parliament elections the FDP received 11% of the national vote (2888084 votes in total) and returned 12 MEPs. In the national vote on 27 September","Marinetti promoted the need of physical training of young men saying that in male education gymnastics should take precedence over books and he advocated segregation of the genders on this matter in that womanly sensibility must not enter men's education whom Marinetti claimed must be \"lively bellicose muscular and violently","education. In November 2010 French gastronomy was added by the UNESCO to its lists of the world's \"intangible cultural heritage\". In French medieval cuisine banquets were common among the aristocracy. Multiple courses would be prepared but served in a style called \"service en confusion\" or all at once. Food was","parents Gustav and Agnes Bloch. He was educated at the Cantonal Gymnasium in Zürich and at the Eidgenössische Technische Hochschule (ETHZ) also in Zürich. Initially studying engineering he soon changed to physics. During this time he attended lectures and seminars given by Peter Debye and Hermann Weyl at ETH Zürich","in preaching and ministering to the sick in the hospitals. After that he walked through the streets ringing a bell to summon the children and servants to catechism. He was invited to head Saint Paul's College a pioneer seminary for the education of secular priests which became the first Jesuit","evaluating for the same. For example \"continuation of scholarly education\" is perceived by many educators as a risk that may cause them fear and stress and they would rather teach things they've been taught than go and do research. That can lead to habits such as laziness and procrastination. The","Area (AVA) includes two of America's oldest wineries O-Neh-Da Vineyard (1872) on Hemlock Lake and The Pleasant Valley Wine Company (1860) on Keuka Lake. The area is also known for education; the largest institution is Cornell University in Ithaca. Other notable schools are Ithaca College also located in Ithaca; the","as king was largely uneventful. Albert's education as usual with German princes concentrated to a great extent on military matters but he attended lectures at the University of Bonn. His first experience of warfare came in 1849 when he served as a captain in the First War of Schleswig against","joined there by Grégoire de Saint-Vincent. The notable geometers educated at this school included Jean-Charles della Faille André Tacquet and Theodorus Moretus. His book \"Opticorum Libri Sex philosophis juxta ac mathematicis utiles\" or \"Six Books of Optics\" is useful for philosophers and mathematicians. It was published by Balthasar I Moretus","person of Indian origins to win the Fields Medal. This is a list of the universities that Fields medalists have attended for either undergraduate or graduate education. It only includes those institutions that have two or more medalists. See List of Fields Medal winners by university affiliation for more detailed","were able to return to live in the city. Although there are no surviving records it is thought that Goya may have attended the Escuelas Pías de San Antón which offered free schooling. His education seems to have been adequate but not enlightening; he had reading writing and numeracy and","it far more than most science fiction novels of the time were generating but not enough to let him take up full-time writing. However the publication of \"Dune\" did open doors for him. He was the \"Seattle Post-Intelligencer's\" education writer from 1969 to 1972 and lecturer in general studies and","at Kirkcaldy West Primary School where he was selected for an experimental fast stream education programme which took him two years early to Kirkcaldy High School for an academic hothouse education taught in separate classes. At age sixteen he wrote that he loathed and resented this \"ludicrous\" experiment on young","effort to prevent what he believe to be \" the corruption of the children's minds\". The exclusion of homosexuality from the sexual education curriculum in addition to the absence of sexual counseling programs in public schools has resulted in increased feelings of isolation and alienation for gay and lesbian students","essay. Although he claimed to have studied theology (an oblique reference to his close friendship with his residential tutor Harvard Divinity School graduate student Jet Thomas) in subsequent interviews Parsons seldom attended his general education courses before departing after one semester in early 1966. However he did not become seriously","Masters of Science in Organizational Leadership Masters of Education in Reading or Special Education and Masters of Arts in Counseling or Higher Education. Geneva established the Center for Technology Development in 1986 for providing research prototyping and technical support to local industries and entrepreneurs. The Center was awarded first prize","thus not thought to have much chance of marriage and because of her intelligence her father invested in an education not often afforded women. From ages five to nine she boarded with her sister Chrissey at Miss Latham's school in Attleborough from ages nine to thirteen at Mrs. Wallington's school","increasingly viewed his work with Gilbert as unimportant beneath his skills and repetitious. Furthermore he was unhappy that he had to simplify his music to ensure that Gilbert's words could be heard. But paradoxically in February 1883 just after \"Iolanthe\" opened Sullivan had signed a five-year agreement with Gilbert and","since the early 19th century. There was a steady increase in the global income inequality Gini score from 1820 to 2002 with a significant increase between 1980 and 2002. This trend appears to have peaked and begun a reversal with rapid economic growth in emerging economies particularly in the large","education community. It interconnects national research and education networks (NRENs) across Europe enabling collaboration on projects ranging from biological science to earth observation and arts & culture. The GÉANT project combines a high-bandwidth high-capacity 50000 km network with a growing range of services. These allow researchers to collaborate working together wherever","that the experimental group still based their choices on the length of the run sequence. Clearly instructing individuals about randomness is not sufficient in lessening the gambler's fallacy. It does appear however that an individual's susceptibility to the gambler's fallacy decreases with age. Fischbein and Schnarch (1997) administered a questionnaire","dirigibles. McCalla Field is now listed as a closed airfield. The area consists of 3 runways: 1/19 at 14/32 at and 10/28 at . Camp Justice is now located on the grounds of the former airfield. Access to the Naval Station is very limited and must be preapproved through the","values. This is the case when presenting computer performance with respect to a reference computer or when computing a single average index from several heterogeneous sources (for example life expectancy education years and infant mortality). In this scenario using the arithmetic or harmonic mean would change the ranking of the","Zetetical Society whose objective was to \"search for truth in all matters affecting the interests of the human race\". Here he met Sidney Webb a junior civil servant who like Shaw was busy educating himself. Despite difference of style and temperament the two quickly recognised qualities in each other and","television broadcaster from 1952. Reception of Western broadcasts was widespread. By the mid-1980s East Germany possessed a well-developed communications system. There were approximately 3.6 million telephones in usage (21.8 for every 100 inhabitants) and 16476 Telex stations. Both of these networks were run by the Deutsche Post der DDR (East German","Great Purge of 1937\u201338 mass arrests caused another increase in inmate numbers. Hundreds of thousands of persons were arrested and sentenced to long prison terms on the grounds of one of the multiple passages of the notorious Article 58 of the Criminal Codes of the Union republics which defined punishment","paludibus et de nominibus maris liber\". He gave a series of lectures on Dante at the Santo Stefano church in 1373 and these resulted in his final major work the detailed \"Esposizioni sopra la Commedia di Dante\". Boccaccio and Petrarch were also two of the most educated people in early","In early 1888 Carver obtained a $300 loan at the Bank of Ness City for education. By June he left the area. In 1890 Carver started studying art and piano at Simpson College in Indianola Iowa. His art teacher Etta Budd recognized Carver's talent for painting flowers and plants; she","In his youth he was sent to Naples to be educated. He was tutored privately at the Augustinian monastery there and attended public lectures at the Studium Generale. At the age of 17 he entered the Dominican Order at the monastery of San Domenico Maggiore in Naples taking the name","He is also noted for his work in heuristics and mathematics education. He was born as \"Pólya György\" in Budapest Austria-Hungary to Anna Deutsch and Jakab Pólya Hungarian Jews who had converted to the Roman Catholic faith in 1886. Although his parents were religious and he was baptized into the","Reed. He was educated at Magdalen College School Oxford and Cambridge University. Entering the Indian education department in 1870 he became professor of English literature in Delhi College in 1873 tutor to the Raja of Rutlam in 1876 and principal of the Rajkumar College at Indore in 1877. On 8","containing archives of past strips along with games and an online store. Jim Davis has also collaborated with Ball State University and Pearson Digital Learning to create Professor Garfield an educational website with interactive games focusing on math and reading skills and with Children's Technology Group to create MindWalker a","In 1884 his family moved to Lincoln Nebraska and in 1889 he received his first formal education at the university preparatory school. In 1893 after two years at the University of Nebraska Lewis transferred to Harvard University where he obtained his B.S. in 1896. After a year of teaching at","moderate means and developed a musical education with the help of a local patron. Verdi came to dominate the Italian opera scene after the era of Vincenzo Bellini Gaetano Donizetti and Gioachino Rossini whose works significantly influenced him becoming one of the pre-eminent opera composers in history. In his early","education a year-long internship (if this is not a part of the residency) three years of an internal medicine residency and two to three years in the gastroenterology fellowship. Gastroenterologists perform a number of diagnostic and therapeutic procedures including colonoscopy endoscopy endoscopic retrograde cholangiancreatography (ERCP) endoscopic ultrasound and liver biopsy.","refusal to feel defeated. Marriage was supposed to be the goal of all southern belles as women's status was largely determined by that of their husbands. All social and educational pursuits were directed towards it. Despite the Civil War and loss of a generation of eligible men young ladies were","two official languages: Galician (Galician: \"galego\") and Spanish (known in Spain as \"castellano\" \"Castilian\") both of them Romance languages. Galician originated regionally; the latter was associated with Castile. Galician is recognized in the Statute of Autonomy of Galicia as the \"lingua propia\" (\"own language\") of Galicia. Galician is closely related","Scouting has a strong tradition in Glasnevin with 1st Dublin (L.H.O) Scout Troop located on the corner of Griffith Avenue and Ballygall Road East. The Scout group celebrated 100 years of Scouting in 2011 making it one of the longest established Scout Groups in the world. There are several primary","percentage of the German people did not support oppositional movements. Between 1934 and 1938 opponents of the Nazi regime and their fellow travelers began to emerge. Among the first to speak out were religious dissenters but following in their wake were educators aristocratic businessmen office workers teachers and others from","out the controversy motivated the American Cartographic Association (now Cartography and Geographic Information Society) to produce a series of booklets (including \"Which Map Is Best\") designed to educate the public about map projections and distortion in maps. In 1989 and 1990 after some internal debate seven North American geographic organizations","to have learned weaving and embroidery. She might have also been given a classical education though no details are known. Serena was a first cousin of Arcadius Honorius and Placidia. The poem \"In Praise of Serena\" by Claudian and the \"Historia Nova\" by Zosimus clarify that Serena's father was an","eventually emigrated to Canada. In Canada Lee's parents gave him a Jewish education with a bar mitzvah at age 13. His father was a skilled musician but died the year before from medical problems resulting from his imprisonment. This forced his mother to find outside work to support three children.","area and perimeter. The introduction of modern computers alongside the development of elaborate voter databases and special districting software has made gerrymandering a far more precise science. Using such databases political parties can obtain detailed information about every household including political party registration previous campaign donations and the number of","playing field if all athletes receive equal access. Critics claim that any therapeutic intervention for non-therapeutic/enhancement purposes compromises the ethical foundations of medicine and sports. Genetic engineering could be used to cure diseases but also to change physical appearance metabolism and even improve physical capabilities and mental faculties such as","horrific sights of this remained in his memory. Chapman was educated at Melton Mowbray Grammar School. He showed a strong affinity for science sports and amateur dramatics and was singled out for attention when a local paper reviewed his performance of Mark Antony in Shakespeare's \"Julius Caesar.\" Graham and John","opinion that every educated woman should \"present at least one child to socialism\" and also by financially rewarding its more educated citizen to become parents. The government especially tried to persuade students to become parents while still in college and it was quite successful in doing so. In 1986 38%","a social security and universal health care system environmental protection and a tuition-free university education. The Federal Republic of Germany was a founding member of the European Economic Community in 1957 and the European Union in 1993. It is part of the Schengen Area and became a co-founder of the","success in preserving natural habitats. Efforts have been made to protect Guam's coral reef habitats from pollution eroded silt and overfishing problems that have led to decreased fish populations. (Since Guam is a significant vacation spot for scuba divers this is important.) In recent years the Department of Agriculture Division","among Republicans never fully recovered. Coming at around the same time as the budget deal America entered into a mild recession lasting for six months. Many government programs such as welfare increased. As the unemployment rate edged upward in 1991 Bush signed a bill providing additional benefits for unemployed workers.","for all official purposes and in education. The historical unity and continuing identity between the various stages of the Greek language is often emphasised. Although Greek has undergone morphological and phonological changes comparable to those seen in other languages never since classical antiquity has its cultural literary and orthographic tradition","time some paid by companies educational institutions and other non-profit organizations. In October 1985 Stallman set up the Free Software Foundation (FSF). In the late 1980s and 1990s the FSF hired software developers to write the software needed for GNU. As GNU gained prominence interested businesses began contributing to development","sketch Boas wrote: From kindergarten on Boas was educated in natural history a subject he enjoyed. In gymnasium he was most proud of his research on the geographic distribution of plants. When he started his university studies Boas first attended Heidelberg University for a semester followed by four terms at","also entered pre-development phase with Harrison Ford and Steven Spielberg set to return for a release in 2019 while originally Lucas did not specify whether the selling of Lucasfilm would affect his involvement with such film. In October 2016 Lucas announced his decision to not be involved in the story","tour of Europe\u2014working and studying with leading figures such as Gerhard Armauer Hansen the discoverer of the leprosy bacillus and Daniel Cornelius Danielssen the museum's director who had turned it from a backwater collection into a centre of scientific research and education. Nansen's chosen area of study was the then","36 slaves by the time of his marriage to Martha Custis in 1759 which meant that he had achieved the status of a major planter. (Historians of the Upper South said that major planters owned 20 or more slaves.) Martha brought at least 85 \"dower slaves\" to Mount Vernon after","as an official language after Indonesian independence and today it is only used by older or educated people. Dutch was until 1925 an official language in South Africa but evolved in and was replaced by Afrikaans a partially mutually intelligible daughter language of Dutch. Afrikaans is one of the 11","of San Carlos of Guatemala. Founded in 1676 the Universidad de San Carlos is older than all North American universities except for Harvard University. The other nine institutions of higher education to be found in Guatemala City include the Universidad Mariano Gálvez the Universidad Panamericana the Universidad Mesoamericana the Universidad","for two seats not only from Israel but from other air forces\". IAI plans to produce conformal fuel tanks. A senior IAF official stated that elements of the F-35's stealth may be overcome in 5 to 10 years while the aircraft will be in service for 30 to 40 years","of the noble family of Berkeley. Little is known of his mother. He was educated at Kilkenny College and attended Trinity College Dublin earning a bachelor's degree in 1704 and completing a master's degree in 1707. He remained at Trinity College after completion of his degree as a tutor and","not really make him a traitor. He accused The Ministry of Information of exaggerating Wodehouse's actions for propaganda purposes. Arthur Koestler said that Orwell's \"uncompromising intellectual honesty made him appear almost inhuman at times.\" Ben Wattenberg stated: \"Orwell's writing pierced intellectual hypocrisy wherever he found it.\" According to historian Piers","initially was soon destroyed due to their increasingly different personalities. Frederick William ordered Fritz to undergo a minimal education live a simple Protestant lifestyle and focus on the Army and statesmanship as he had. However the intellectual Fritz was more interested in music books and French culture which were forbidden","all educated people in the West until the middle of the 20th century. In modern times geometric concepts have been generalized to a high level of abstraction and complexity and have been subjected to the methods of calculus and abstract algebra so that many modern branches of the field are","was Thomas Sturge Moore a poet writer and engraver. He was educated at Dulwich College and in 1892 went up to Trinity College Cambridge to study classics and moral sciences. He became a Fellow of Trinity in 1898 and went on to hold the University of Cambridge chair of Mental","workers for having the strongest work ethic (chosen by 59.5%) being the most helpful (55.4%) the most skilled (54.5%) and the best troubleshooters/problem solvers (41.6%). In 2016 a global consumer insights project from Viacom International Media Networks and Viacom based on over 12000 respondents across 21 countries reported on Gen","at Columbia University in New York City but his education was interrupted by service with the United States Navy in World War II during which he served with American amphibious forces in Europe and North Africa. In the latter stages of the war he was sent to the Pacific Far","per decade for the years 1950\u20132000. If the Flynn effect has ended in developed nations then this may possibly allow national differences in IQ scores to diminish if the Flynn effect continues in nations with lower average national IQs. Also if the Flynn effect has ended for the majority in","social and civic life such as education access to justice and political influence. The economic historian Karl Polanyi was highly critical of the idea of the market-based society in his book \"The Great Transformation\" noting that any attempt at its creation would undermine human society and the common good. Critics","of education' and 'a place for exercise' in Latin but its meaning was restricted to the former in German and to the latter in English making the expressions into false friends in those languages as well as in Greek where it started out as 'a place for naked exercise'. False","Hutterite groups but there are also speakers among the older generations of Prairieleit (the descendants of those Hutterites who chose not to settle in colonies). Hutterite children who grow up in the colonies learn to speak Hutterite German before learning English the standard language of the surrounding areas in school.","are power generation sustainable mobility material efficiency energy efficiency waste management and recycling sustainable water management. With regard to triadic patents Germany is in third place after the USA and Japan. With more than","he received a liberal education at the Lyceum and Karl Joseph Hieronymus Windischmann drew his attention to the languages and literature of the East (Windischmann along with Georg Friedrich Creuzer Johann Joseph von Görres and the brothers Schlegel expressed great enthusiasm for Indian wisdom and philosophy). Moreover Karl Wilhelm Friedrich","education of the population had gradually improved as well as national thinking and cultural life had awakened. World War I led to the collapse of the Russian Empire causing a power vacuum in Finland and a subsequent struggle for dominance leading to militarisation and escalating crisis between the left-leaning labour","the Academy.\u201d He was an atheist but became reconciled to the Catholic Church. However in Gazzetta del Popolo 23 June 1931 Marinetti expressed his view that it was not essential to practise the Catholic religion in order to create masterpieces of sacred art. There were other contradictions in his character:","interfere in the assembly by issuing the rule of vote of confidence to any potential prime minister. Corruption and Trikoupis' increased spending to create necessary infrastructure like the Corinth Canal overtaxed the weak Greek economy forcing the declaration of public insolvency in 1893 and to accept the imposition of an","across faculty and subject boundaries is emphasised in the university's research and education strategies. All faculties takes advantage of this possibility and are active participants in a multitude of cross-disciplinary research and education activities within the framework of the university. It should also be noted that the university closely cooperates","possesses numerous colleges of education. The Ghanaian education system from Kindergarten up to an undergraduate degree level takes 20 years. The academic year usually goes from August to May inclusive. The school year in primary education lasts 40 weeks in Primary School and SHS and 45 weeks in JHS. With","education level health of the populace economic status religious affiliations and other aspects of the population. According to the 2010 U.S. Census Guam had a population of 159358 representing an increase of 2.9 percent from the population of 154805 reported in the 2000 Census. The following demographic statistics are from","lowering rates in surrounding countries cholera rates were reported in November 2012 to be on the rise with 1500 cases reported and nine deaths. A 2008 cholera epidemic in Guinea-Bissau affected 14222 people and killed 225. The 2010 maternal mortality rate per 100000 births for Guinea Bissau was 1000. This","supporting capacities operating at a battalion level. The Special Force Brigade is responsible for conducting special reconnaissance unconventional warfare and counter-terrorism operations. The Georgian National Guard organizes and trains reservists in the peacetime and mobilizes them during a crisis or wartime. In addition there is the Army Logistics Provision Command","with 7 percent adhering to indigenous religious beliefs. Much of the population both Muslim and Christian also incorporate indigenous African beliefs into their outlook. The vast majority of Guinean Muslims are adherent to the Sunni tradition of Islam of Maliki school of jurisprudence influenced with Sufism with many Ahmadiyya; there","education level health economic status religious affiliations and other aspects of the population. The demographic situation in Georgia like that of some other former Soviet republics (especially Estonia and Latvia) has been characterized by two prominent features since independence: decline in total population and significant \"Georgianization\" of the ethnic composition.","students are pursuing higher education abroad. The Greek Government decides through an evaluation procedure whether to recognize degrees from specific foreign universities as qualification for public sector hiring. Other students attend private post-secondary educational institutions in Greece that are not recognized by the Greek Government. At the moment extensive public","on foreign currency reserves. Owing to its massive economic importance construction continued beyond the Árbenz presidency. The plant was finally completed under President Julio Cesar Mendez Montenegro in 1968. It is located in the village of Agua Blanca inside El Salto Escuintla. The Catholic Church who possessed a large share","systems and hydrogen storage technologies for the 2020 time frame. GM and Honda are leaders in fuel cell technology ranking No. 1 and No. 2 respectively in total fuel cell patents filed between 2002 and 2012 with more than 1200 between them according to the Clean Energy Patent Growth Index.","Athenian democracy used sortition to elect candidates almost always male Greek educated citizens holding a minimum of land wealth and status. A theocracy is rule by a religious elite; a system of governance composed of religious institutions in which the state and the church are traditionally or constitutionally the same","not eliminate such as the education system came under its direct control. The ' also included the formation of various organisations with compulsory membership for segments of the population in particular the youth. Boys first served as apprentices in the ' (cubs) beginning at the age of six and at","have enabled the growth of a large recreational fishery. The last commercial fisherman left Milwaukee in 2011 because of overfishing and anthropogenic changes to the biosphere. Since the 19th century an estimated 160 new species have found their way into the Great Lakes ecosystem; many have become invasive; the overseas","on the same day. Gurgenidze was formally approved on the position and granted the trust of the Parliament of Georgia on November 22 2007. Gurgenidze implemented only two changes in the Cabinet of Georgia so far replacing Alexandre Lomaia the former Minister for Education and Science and new Secretary of","education level health of the populace economic status religious affiliations and other aspects of the population. According to the 2001 census Grenada has 103137 inhabitants. The estimated population of is (). The vast majority of the population of Grenada are of African descent (89.4% at the 2001 census). There is","Ghana embarked upon an aggressive media campaign to educate the public about what re-denomination entails. Value added tax is a consumption tax administered in Ghana. The tax regime which started in 1998 had a single rate but since September 2007 entered into a multiple rate regime. In 1998 the rate","or grandparent born in the United Kingdom itself (England Scotland Wales and Northern Ireland) or who have lived in the United Kingdom for 5 years are not subject to this restriction. Teaching in Guernsey is based on the English National Curriculum. There are 10 primary schools plus two junior schools","of contradiction and defined in terms of previously accepted concepts. He also cites Aristotle Descartes Berkeley Leibniz and Bolzano on infinity. Cantor's paternal grandparents were from Copenhagen and fled to Russia from the disruption of the Napoleonic Wars. There is very little direct information on his grandparents. Cantor was sometimes","Workers started to leave the macula factories for reasons like stress bad treatment poor payment etc. Current economic priorities include: Import tariffs have been lowered in conjunction with Guatemala's Central American neighbors so that most fall between 0% and 15% with further reductions planned. Responding to Guatemala's changed political and","of the Supreme Court of Russia showed gratitude to the GAF (Ghana Armed Forces) following Vyacheslav Lebedev emergency treatment at the GAF 37 Military Hospital. The GAF (Ghana Army) operates the GAF Cadet Corps for GAF Cadets whom go on to Military Education and Training and Recruit Training graduation from","damage to the reef. Lawsuits have been filed against Greenpeace for lost profits reputation damage and \"sailormongering\". In 2004 it was revealed that the Australian government was willing to offer a subsidy to Southern Pacific Petroleum on the condition that the oil company would take legal action against Greenpeace which","Greece offering Bachelor's level degrees thus creating a legal contradiction between the Greek constitution and the EU laws allowing foreign companies to operate anywhere in the Union. Additionally every year tens of thousands of Greek students are not accepted to the state-run University system and become \"educational immigrants\" to other","forgotten\". With a shortage of funds to finance further education Whipple took a year off after graduating Yale. During this year he worked at Dr. Holbrook Military School in Ossining New York teaching mathematics and science and serving as an athletic coach. In 1901 under the advice persuasion and guidance","children in Gabon start their school lives by attending nurseries or \"Crèche\" then kindergarten known as \"Jardins d'Enfants\". At age 6 they are enrolled in primary school \"École Primaire\" which is made up of six grades. The next level is \"École Secondaire\" which is made up of seven grades. The","BCM. In 2010 approximately 1.6 million Palestinians lived in the Gaza Strip almost 1.0 million of them UN-registered refugees. The majority of the Palestinians descend from refugees who were driven from or left their homes during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War. The Strip's population has continued to increase since that time","instruments have not been sufficient to prevent limited filtering on corporate and educational networks. Georgia\u2019s dependence on international connectivity makes it vulnerable to upstream filtering evident in the March 2008 blocking of YouTube by Turk Telecom. On March 14 2016 access to YouTube was restricted nationwide. This restriction of access","freight transport is served by the coastal ferries operated by Arctic Umiaq Line. It makes a single round trip per week taking 80 hours each direction. Greenland has a population of 56370 (January 2013 estimate) of whom 88% are Greenlandic Inuit (including mixed persons). The remaining 12% are of European","major tenets of the free compulsory universal basic education (FCUBE) initiative. Launched in 1996 it is one of the most ambitious pre-tertiary education programs in Africa. Since 1987 the Government of Ghana has increased its education budget by 700%. Basic education's share has grown from 45% to 60% of that","attractive destination for FDI. Stable economic development liberal and free market oriented economic policy 6 taxes only and reduced tax rates reduced number of licenses and permissions dramatically simplified administrative procedures preferential trade regimes with foreign countries advantageous geographic location well developed integrated and multimodal transport infrastructure educated skilled and","the university and also to use the University's laboratory and library. Marconi received further education in Florence at the Istituto Cavallero and later in Livorno. Marconi did not do well in school according to Robert McHenry though historian Giuliano Corradi characterizes him in his biography as a true genius. He","Church of England 6.98% Other Christian 3.21% Muslim 4.01% Jewish 2.12% Hindu 1.79% other or unspecified 0.94% none 2.86% (2001 census) English (used in schools and for official purposes) Spanish. Most Gibraltarians converse in \"Llanito\" an Andalusian Spanish based vernacular. It consists of an eclectic mix of Andalusian Spanish and","all Portugal's colonies including Portuguese Guinea were renamed Overseas Provinces (\"Províncias Ultramarinas\"). New infrastructures were built for education health agriculture transportation commerce services and administration. Cashew peanut rice timber livestock and fish were the main economic productions. The port of Bissau was one of the main employers and a very","Young Fichte received the rudiments of his education from his father. He showed remarkable ability from an early age and it was owing to his reputation among the villagers that he gained the opportunity for a better education than he otherwise would have received. The story runs that the Freiherr","education level health of the populace economic status religious affiliations and other aspects of the population. The population of Guinea-Bissau is ethnically diverse with distinct languages customs and social structures. Most Guineans 99% are Blacks \u2014 mostly Fula and Mandinka-speakers concentrated in the north and northeast the Balanta and Papel","and cattle production are the major economic activities in the high plains of the northern region. Since the mid-1980s when former United States President Jimmy Carter's Global 2000 program (see Glossary) adopted Ghana as one of a select number of African countries whose local farmers were to be educated and","radio and television services. It was created for the development of the education and entertainment sectors and to enhance the knowledge of the people of Ghana. After the overthrow of the elected government by Jerry Rawlings in December 1981 the Provisional National Defence Council repealed the liberal media reforms of","chances that the intended target is hit. Education about terminal ballistics gives the handler knowledge about the characteristics of a bullet after a target is hit. This knowledge coupled with insight into the handler's own capabilities makes it easier for the handler to make appropriate decisions about whether to discharge","education level health of the populace economic status religious affiliations and other aspects of the population. Demographics of Guinea describes the condition and overview of Guinea's peoples. Demographic topics include basic education health and population statistics as well as identified racial and religious affiliations. According to the total population was","to a broader section of the population specifically in health education housing road and bridge building agriculture and rural development. However during Forbes Burnham's last years the government's attempts to build a socialist society caused a massive emigration of skilled workers and along with other economic factors led to a","the Guam Delegate Act saw the creation of the \"Status Commission\" by the Twelfth Guam Legislature. This was followed by the establishment of the \"Second Political Status Commission\" in 1975 and the Guam \"Commission on Self-Determination\" (CSD) in 1980. The Twenty-Fourth Guam Legislature established the \"Commission on Decolonization\" in 1996","consolidating existing settlements. The program was intended to reduce costs improve access to education and health care and provide workers for modernized cod fisheries which were growing rapidly at the time. The program faced a number of problems including the collapse of the fisheries and the shoddy construction of many","many parastatals increased spending on education and vastly downsized the civil service. The government also has made major strides in restructuring the public finances. The IMF and the World Bank are heavily involved in the development of Guinea's economy as are many bilateral donor nations including the United States. Guinea's","uncollected amount that year was about 4.9 billion euros. The DiaNEOsis study estimated that 3.5% of GDP is lost due to VAT fraud while losses due to smuggling of alcohol tobacco and petrol amounted to approximately another 0.5% of the country's GDP. Following similar actions by the United Kingdom and","baccalauréats in humanities and science. An important part in his education was played by his uncle Jean-Baptiste Mollerat who had invented a process for distilling vinegar and had a large chemical works near Dijon and one of his uncle's friends the chemist Michel Perret. Both men spent a lot of","data for genealogists but also of education and communication. In India Charans are the Bards who traditionally keep the written genealogy records of various castes. Some notable places where traditional genealogy records are kept include: Hindu genealogy registers at Haridwar; Hindu genealogy registers at Kurukshetra Haryana; Hindu genealogy registers at","Francke who was particularly solicitous of children particularly orphans. The orphanage he founded became a model for Germany and undoubtedly influenced Handel's own charitable impulse when he assigned the rights of \"Messiah\" to London's Foundling Hospital. Shortly after commencing his university education Handel (though Lutheran) on 13 March 1702 accepted","at this location. The campus offers one electric vehicle charging station five disabled permit automotive parking locations three bicycle parking locations and one Capitol Bikeshare location. The Science and Technology campus opened on August 25 1997 as the Prince William campus in Manassas Virginia on of land some still currently","with full military honors in Arlington National Cemetery. Grace Hopper Celebration of Women in Computing is a convention for Women in the field of Computer Science and Technology. It is named after Hopper to honor her for her work and influence in the field of computing and her push for","distrusted parliamentary democracy in general and opposition parties in particular especially when the Centre Party showed signs of gaining support among dissident elements such as the Polish Catholics in Silesia. A powerful intellectual force of the time was anti-Catholicism led by the liberal intellectuals who formed a vital part of","Yorkshire recusants the Pulleyns of Blubberhouses. In her 1915 work \"The Pulleynes of Yorkshire\" author Catharine Pullein suggested that Fawkes's Catholic education came from his Harrington relatives who were known for harbouring priests one of whom later accompanied Fawkes to Flanders in 1592\u20131593. Fawkes's fellow students included John Wright and","of the boys' choir and later as a substitute organist. Puccini was given a general education at the seminary of San Michele in Lucca and then at the seminary of the cathedral. One of Puccini's uncles Fortunato Magi supervised his musical education. Puccini got a diploma from the Pacini School","the most prominent religion in Guangzhou. The Zhizhi Temple was founded in  233 from the estate of a Wu official; it is said to comprise the residence of Zhao Jiande the last of the Nanyue kings and has been known as the Guangxiao Temple (\"Temple of Bright Filial Piety\") since","such as a version of CP/M with multitasking (MP/M) and an implementation of the Logo programming language. He hoped that Logo an educational dialect of LISP would supplant BASIC in education but it did not. After seeing a demonstration of the Apple Lisa Kildall oversaw the creation of DRI's own","to change the beneficiary from the Sullivan-Wallen Post to the Green Bay Packers Foundation which makes donations to many charities and institutions throughout Wisconsin. Even though it is referred to as \"common stock\" in corporate offering documents a share of Packers stock does not share the same rights traditionally associated","became doctors. He became a friar in part because it enabled him to obtain an education without having to pay for it himself. As the son of a struggling farmer the monastic life in his words spared him the \"perpetual anxiety about a means of livelihood.\" He was given the","in many instances. For example Jean Drèze and Amartya Sen have pointed out that an increase in GDP or in GDP growth does not necessarily lead to a higher standard of living particularly in areas such as healthcare and education. Another important area that does not necessarily improve along with","them on the wall of his hotel room. As a result of his illness and these foreign trips Gardner ultimately never attended school or gained any formal education. He taught himself to read by looking at copies of \"The Strand Magazine\" but his writing betrayed his poor education all his","Keillor started his professional radio career in November 1969 with Minnesota Educational Radio (MER) later Minnesota Public Radio (MPR) which today distributes programs under the American Public Media (APM) brand. He hosted a weekday drive-time broadcast called \"A Prairie Home Entertainment\" on KSJR FM at St. John's University in Collegeville.","as well as some of the sensationalist works of Stephen King Thomas M. Disch's novel \"The Priest\" (1994) was subtitled \"A Gothic Romance\" and was partly modelled on Matthew Lewis' \"The Monk\". The Romantic strand of Gothic was taken up in Daphne du Maurier's \"Rebecca\" (1938) which is considered by","Phirmilianos (Euthalius) to be educated and was brought up as a devout Christian. Upon coming of age Gregory married a woman called Miriam a devout Christian who was the daughter of a Christian Armenian Prince in Cappadocia. From their union Miriam bore Gregory two children their sons Vrtanes and Aristaces.","usually has to perform a task which teaches him/her an educational lesson about the earth science of the cache area. Locationless/Reverse caches are similar to a scavenger hunt. A description is given for something to find such as a one-room schoolhouse and the finder locates an example of this object.","peace. As part of the \"Symbol for Peace\" movement Gernika has twinned with several towns including Berga (Catalonia \u2014 1986) Pforzheim (Germany \u2014 1988) and Boise Idaho (United States \u2014 1993). The twinning agreements include co-operation in the fields of culture education and industry. There is a popular saying in","who know that there is no religious neutrality no neutral law no neutral education and no neutral civil government. Then they will get busy in constructing a Bible-based social political and religious order which finally denies the religious liberty of the enemies of God.\" Adam C. English suggests that this","like most Siberian peasants including his mother and father Rasputin was never formally educated and he remained illiterate well into his early adulthood. Local archival records suggest that he had a somewhat unruly youth - possibly involving drinking small thefts and disrespect for local authorities - but contain no evidence","other depending on social context). The formal study of grammar is an important part of education for children from a young age through advanced learning though the rules taught in schools are not a \"grammar\" in the sense most linguists use the term particularly as they are often prescriptive rather","a time roomed with the education author Carl Proujan and Philip Whalen and Lew Welch. At Reed Snyder published his first poems in a student journal. He also spent the summer of 1948 working as a seaman. He joined the now defunct Marine Cooks and Stewards union to get this","arranged by McCartney he performed the lead guitar part for the instrumental \"Raunchy\" on the upper deck of a Liverpool bus. He began socialising with the group filling in on guitar as needed and became accepted as a member. Although his father wanted him to continue his education Harrison left","Il towards the end of his reign. In 2013 North Korea recorded 12 homicides out of a population of 25 million giving it a murder rate of 0.05 per 100000 inhabitants one of the lowest in the world. Pakistan has permissive firearm laws compared to the rest of South Asia","responsibility for their education fell to their mother. Cornelia ensured that the brothers had the best available Greek tutors teaching them oratory and political science. The brothers were also well trained in martial pursuits; in horsemanship and combat they outshone all their peers. The older brother Tiberius was elected an","the body and educating the mind were combined allowing for a form of gymnastics that was more aesthetic and individual and which left behind the form that focused on strictness discipline the emphasis on defeating records and focus on strength. In the late eighteenth- and early nineteenth-century Germany two pioneer","Educational Testing Service (ETS). The test attempts to determine the extent of the examinees' understanding of fundamental principles of physics and their ability to apply them to problem solving. Many graduate schools require applicants to take the exam and base admission decisions in part on the results. The scope of","North spoke with a broad Northumberland accent and not the 'Language of Parliament' which made him seem lowly. Realizing this he made a point of educating his son Robert in a private school where he was taught the sciences his father lacked and so learnt to speak with a correct","Ontario. In 2012 the two separate sports programs of Fleming College were combined and the great auk mascot went extinct. The Lindsay Frost campus student owned bar student center and lounge is still known as the Auk's Lodge. It was also the mascot of the now ended Knowledge Masters educational","highly noted for its access to education. There are prestigious universities such as the Polish Naval Academy located nearby. Gdynia hosts the Gdynia Film Festival the main Polish film festival and was the venue for the International Random Film Festival in 2014. The area of the later city of Gdynia","Alquié). In 1969 he was appointed to the University of Paris VIII at Vincennes/St. Denis an experimental school organized to implement educational reform. This new university drew a number of talented scholars including Foucault (who suggested Deleuze's hiring) and the psychoanalyst Félix Guattari. Deleuze taught at Vincennes until his retirement","himself actively disseminated educational resources on folklore and the occult to the general public through his Museum of Witchcraft on the Isle of Man. Therefore Gardnerian Wicca can be said to differ from some modern non-coven Craft practices that often concentrate on the solitary practitioner's spiritual development. The religion tends","He was a celebrated \"bon vivant\" whose luxurious home was the site of weekly Sunday afternoon parties attended by closeted celebrities and the attractive young men they met in bars and gyms and brought with them. At least once in the midst of his reign at MGM he was arrested","his first retrospective exhibition devoted to his architectural work at the Central Museum Utrecht in 1958. When the art academy in Amsterdam became part of the higher professional education system in 1968 and was given the status of an Academy for Fine Arts and Design the name was changed to","released marking the separation of graphic design from fine art. In 1849 Henry Cole became one of the major forces in design education in Great Britain informing the government of the importance of design in his \"Journal of Design and Manufactures\". He organized the Great Exhibition as a celebration of","the public in recycling programs to assist the war effort. Most civilians learned how to use gas masks through the civil defense department but children received most gas mask education in school drills. Schools would implement gas mask education and training after the outbreak of a war. Schools would harshly","in higher education at the time and the ease with which a Gopher server could be set up to create an instant CWIS with links to other sites' online directories and resources were the factors contributing to Gopher's rapid adoption. By 1992 the standard method of locating someone's e-mail address","Solidarity movement.\" In an April 2013 op-ed piece Kasparov accused prominent Russian journalist Vladimir Posner of failing to stand up to Putin and to earlier Russian and Soviet leaders. Kasparov was presented with the Morris B. Abram Human Rights Award UN Watch's annual human-rights prize in 2013. The organization praised","International Film Festival in partnership with cinelan. Stories included breakthroughs in Slingshot (water vapor distillation system) cancer research energy production pain management and food access. Each of the 30 films received world premiere screenings at a major international film festival including the Sundance Film Festival and the Tribeca Film Festival.","Wollstonecraft which has the central argument that women should be educated in a rational manner to give them the opportunity to contribute to society. Some women of Darwin's era were receiving more substantial educations and participating in the broader world. An example is Susanna Wright who was raised in Lancashire","an undergraduate degree. In the same fashion for medical school the required time of education was considerably reduced from nine years (the minimum needed to obtain the title of MD in Medicine and Surgery) to almost five with the provision that the diploma is not terminal anymore and it is","secondary education together are sometimes referred to as K-12 education and in New Zealand Year 1\u201313 is used. The purpose of secondary education can be to give common knowledge to prepare for higher education or to train directly in a profession. Secondary education in the United States did not emerge","only includes workers actively looking for jobs. People who are retired pursuing education or discouraged from seeking work by a lack of job prospects are excluded from the labour force. Unemployment can be generally broken down into several types that are related to different causes. Classical models of unemployment occurs","aspect of evolutionary biology is the implication of human evolution that humans share common ancestry with apes and that the mental and moral faculties of humanity have the same types of natural causes as other inherited traits in animals. In some countries notably the United States these tensions between science","Andean Community of Nations and an associate member of Mercosur. It also belongs to the World Trade Organization (WTO) in addition to the Inter-American Development Bank (IDB) World Bank International Monetary Fund (IMF) Corporacion Andina de Fomento (CAF) and other multilateral agencies. In April 2007 Ecuador paid off its debt","readership (education level background interests capabilities) and the technologies available for their production and distribution (hand-written manuscripts small or large print runs internet production). As a valued source of reliable information compiled by experts printed versions found a prominent place in libraries schools and other educational institutions. The appearance of","primary and secondary education have strengthened in recent years. The vast majority of children enter primary school though a significant number drop out. There are approx. 200000 primary and secondary schools with some 10 million students 13 major universities with more than 500000 students and 67 teacher colleges. Major universities","Clinton High School and saving the scholarship money for his college education. Through the scholarship Sapir supplemented his mother's meager earnings. Sapir entered Columbia in 1901 still paying with the Pulitzer scholarship. Columbia at this time was one of the few elite private universities that did not limit admission of","and many of the nobility perished during the initial reign of terror. Napoleon Bonaparte rose to power in the aftermath of the French Revolution and established the First French Empire that during the Napoleonic Wars grew to encompass large parts of Europe before collapsing in 1815 with the Battle of","to 25% of the population. Various statistical databases show that Egypt has: According to Rapid Assessment surveys conducted by the World Bank Group in 2011 and 2012 business managers rank informal gifts or payments anticompetitive practices and regulatory policy uncertainty high on the list of obstacles to creating and growing","education and marketing even though they have learned how to use the appeal of entertainment to achieve their different goals. The importance and impact of entertainment is recognised by scholars and its increasing sophistication has influenced practices in other fields such as museology. Psychologists say the function of media entertainment","EU population while Protestants make up 11.1% Eastern Orthodox make up 9.6% and other Christians make up 5.6%. Eurostat's Eurobarometer opinion polls showed in 2005 that 52% of EU citizens believed in a God 27% in \"some sort of spirit or life force\" and 18% had no form of belief.","law particularly after \"Brown v. Board of Education\" (1954) the difference between \"de facto\" segregation (segregation that existed because of the voluntary associations and neighborhoods) and \"de jure\" segregation (segregation that existed because of local laws that mandated the","interest in continuing his formal education after graduating from Woodrow Wilson High School in 1959. However at his mother's urging he enrolled at the College of Puget Sound. A year later he transferred to the University of Washington in Seattle to study interior design. In 1961 he joined the Delta","from high school until 1993 when he obtained a GED. He subsequently became an education advocate and founded the Dave Thomas Education Center in Coconut Creek Florida which offers GED classes to young adults. At the outbreak of the Korean War in 1950 rather than waiting for the draft he","(ISO) International Telecommunication Union (ITU) International Trade Union Confederation (ITUC) Latin American Economic System (LAES) Latin American Integration Association (LAIA) Non-Aligned Movement (NAM) OAS Agency for the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons in Latin America and the Caribbean (OPANAL) Organization for the Prohibition of","its position as the international language and saw Esperanto as a threat effectively wielding his veto power to block the decision. However two years later the League recommended that its member states include Esperanto in their educational curricula. For this reason many people see the 1920s as the heyday of","some production documentation) \"The Dead Planet\" (the on-screen title of the serial's first episode) or simply \"The Daleks\". The instant appeal of the Daleks caught the BBC off guard and transformed \"Doctor Who\" from a Saturday tea-time children's educational programme to a must-watch national phenomenon. Children were alternately frightened and","to high population densities. As of 2008 local numbers were controlled by contraception or translocation. Large-scale cullings ceased in 1988 when Zimbabwe abandoned the practice. In 1989 the African elephant was listed under Appendix I by the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES)","diseases there are many organizations that provide education to patients and the public. The Hormone Foundation is the public education affiliate of The Endocrine Society and provides information on all endocrine-related conditions. Other educational organizations that focus on one or more endocrine-related conditions include the American Diabetes Association Human Growth","victory at the Battle of Bosworth Field where the Yorkist king Richard III was killed. During the Tudor period the Renaissance reached England through Italian courtiers who reintroduced artistic educational and scholarly debate from classical antiquity. England began to develop naval skills and exploration to the West intensified. Henry VIII","known as NileSat 101. Seven specialized channels cover news culture sports education entertainment health and drama. A second digital satellite Nilesat 102 was launched in August 2000. Many of its channels are rented to other stations. Three new private satellite-based TV stations were launched in November 2001 marking a great","but also received an education that included some philosophical teachings. In the late 1760s he became interested in the New Hampshire Grants buying land there and becoming embroiled in the legal disputes surrounding the territory. Legal setbacks led to the formation of the Green Mountain Boys whom Allen led in","The dialogue was used by King James to educate society on various concepts including the history and etymology of the subjects debated. The word \"epistemology\" is derived from the ancient Greek \"epistēmē\" meaning \"knowledge\" and the suffix \"-logy\" meaning \"logical discourse\" (derived from the Greek word \"logos\" meaning \"discourse\"). J.F.","1918) in Dresden-Neustadt and completed his high school education there. In April 1922 while still in high school he joined the newly founded Saxony Ornithologists\u2019 Association. Here he met Rudolf Zimmermann who became his ornithological mentor. In February 1923 Mayr passed his high school examination (Abitur) and his mother rewarded","called the \"American\" seeking him out. Runyon had promised her in Mexico that if she would complete the education he paid for her he would find her a dancing job in New York. She became his companion after he separated from his wife. After Ellen Runyon's death Runyon and del","well-being (through education trade and affection) but also that this value could be fully realized only under conditions of political and economic freedom. According to Rand voluntary trade alone can assure that human interaction is \"mutually\" beneficial. Rand's student Leonard Peikoff has argued that the identification of one's interests itself","of Education. Environmental protection is also a priority several programmes were implemented: \"National Forestation and Ornamentation\" \"Lonely Tree\" \"Green Surveillance\" \"Fire Plan\" \"Ecuador Forest\" and \"Arenillas Military Reserve\". The Ecuadorian territory is divided into five \"Joint Task Force Zones\" or \"Fuerzas de Tarea Conjunta\" four on mainland Ecuador the fifth","be learned or where certain habits are to be formed\" (Dewey 1897 para. 17) Dewey felt that as education is a social construct it is therefore a part of society and should reflect the community. \"Education is the process of living and is not meant to be the preparation of","distinguishes the developed or educated mind and they thus stress the development of this faculty. A skilled teacher would keep discussions on topic and correct errors in reasoning but it would be the class not the teacher who would reach the conclusions. While not directing or leading the class to","and other educators met together where Bagley gave a speech detailing the main points of the essentialism movement and attacking the public education in the United States. One point that Bagley noted was that students in the U.S. were not getting an education on the same levels as students in","of Erasmus's best-known works inspired by \"De triumpho stultitiae\" (written by Italian humanist Faustino Perisauli) is \"The Praise of Folly\" published under the double title \"Moriae encomium\" (Greek Latinised) and \"Laus stultitiae\" (Latin). A satirical attack on superstitions and other traditions of European society in general and the western Church","\"Johannine Grammar\" (1906). Abbott also wrote educational text books one being \"Via Latina: First Latin Book\" which was published in 1898 and distributed around the world within the education system. Abbott's best-known work is his 1884 novella \"Flatland: A Romance of Many Dimensions\" which describes a two-dimensional world and explores","that evidence should be classified according to the rigor of its experimental design and the strength of a recommendation should depend on the strength of the evidence. On the medical education side programs to teach evidence-based medicine have been created in medical schools in Canada the US the UK Australia","provides the Eden Project with an education facility incorporating classrooms and exhibition spaces designed to help communicate Eden's central message about the relationship between people and plants. Accordingly the building has taken its inspiration from plants most noticeable in the form of the soaring timber roof which gives the building","an educated person. Education History of","Upon moving to become Professor of Clinical Psychiatry at the University of Munich in 1903 Kraepelin increasingly wrote on social policy issues. He was a strong and influential proponent of eugenics and racial hygiene. His publications included a focus on alcoholism crime degeneration and hysteria. Kraepelin was convinced that such","education under Roger Ascham a sympathetic teacher who believed that learning should be engaging. By the time her formal education ended in 1550 Elizabeth was one of the best educated women of her generation. At the end of her life Elizabeth was also believed to speak Welsh Cornish Scottish and","qualifications of the expert the FRE requires the expert have had specialized education training or practical experience in the subject matter relating to the case. The expert's testimony must be based on facts in evidence and should offer opinion about the causation or correlation to the evidence in drawing a","also expelling them from the Austrian Nazi Party. The Nazi assassins in Vienna after declaring the formation of a new government under Austrian Nazi Anton Rintelen previously exiled by Dollfuss as Austrian Ambassador to Rome surrendered after threats from Austrian military of blowing up the Chancellery using dynamite and were","resulted in a huge increase in exports of Midwestern wheat to Britain. Trade between the United States and Canada also increased as a result of the Corn Law and a reciprocity (free-trade) agreement signed in 1854; much of this trade flowed along the Erie. Its success also prompted imitation: a","a complementary rather than competitive mode the latter of which had been the primary trend among the educated since David Hume wrote a century before. To this Peirce added the concept of abductive reasoning. The combined three forms of reasoning serve as a primary conceptual foundation for the empirically based","fragments in nineteenth-century novels. In Honoré de Balzac's novel \"Letters of Two Brides\" two women who became friends during their education at a convent correspond over a 17-year period exchanging letters describing their lives. Mary Shelley employs the epistolary form in her novel \"Frankenstein\" (1818). Shelley uses the letters as","by a less educated person. Its content makes it clear how popular such poems were: However in the literary world epigrams were most often gifts to patrons or entertaining verse to be published not inscriptions. Many Roman writers seem to have composed epigrams including Domitius Marsus whose collection \"Cicuta\" (now","Sturluson were educated. A fourth hypothesis\u2014the derivation of the word \"Edda\" as the name of Snorri Sturluson\u2019s treatise on poetry from the Latin \"edo\" \"I compose (poetry)\" by analogy with \"kredda\" \"superstition\" from Latin \"credo\" \"creed\"\u2014is now widely accepted though this acceptance may stem from its agreement with modern usage","which refuted the idea that the Emperor is a living divine being and dismissed the importance of \"myths and legends\" for the Emperor's status. However the Emperors have continued to perform many traditional ceremonies privately. The Emperors traditionally had an education officer. In recent times Emperor Taishō had Count Nogi","she was called Helienordis her honorific name as written in the Latin epistles. By all accounts Eleanor's father ensured that she had the best possible education. Eleanor came to learn arithmetic the constellations and history. She also learned domestic skills such as household management and the needle arts of embroidery","in Saalfeld Saxony. He was educated under Jacob Milich at the University of Wittenberg where he was first elected dean and later became rector. In 1536 he was appointed professor of higher mathematics by Philipp Melanchthon. In contrast to the limited modern definition \"mathematics\" at the time also included applied","century the spelling system of English had started to stabilise. By the 19th century most words had set spellings though it took some time before they diffused throughout the English-speaking world. In The Mill on the Floss (1860) English novelist George Eliot satirized the attitude of the English rural gentry","environmental policy environmental impact assessment for development projects economic measures to encourage activities for reducing environmental load improvement of social infrastructure such as sewerage system transport facilities etc. promotion of environmental activities by corporations citizens and NGOs environmental education and provision of information promotion of science and technology.\" The Ministry","of a lawyer and was educated at the Realgymnasium in Linz. Raised in a nationalist family Kaltenbrunner was childhood friends with Adolf Eichmann the infamous SS officer who played a key role in implementing the Nazis' Final Solution against Europe's Jews. After Gymnasium Kaltenbrunner went on to obtain his doctorate","press for their national interest. Once proposed the President delegates portfolios among each of the members. The power of a Commissioner largely depends upon their portfolio and can vary over time. For example the Education Commissioner has been growing in importance in line with the rise in the importance of","unsafe for sport divers. Against this trend in 1992 NAUI became the first existing major recreational diver training agency to sanction nitrox. In 1993 DiveRite manufactured the first nitrox-compatible dive computer called the Bridge. In 1994 BSAC reversed its policy on Nitrox and announced BSAC nitrox training to start in","& that his Family were of it & that he himself had been educated at St. Omer\u2014but this was false as his father was a regular practitioner of the Law at Dublin which he could not be unless of the Established Church: & it so happened that though Mr. B\u2014was","one. From 1915 through 1919 he studied at the secondary grammar school called Fasori Evangélikus Gimnázium the school his father had attended. Religious education was compulsory and he attended classes in Judaism taught by a rabbi. A fellow student was János von Neumann who was a year behind Wigner. They","in skills such as writing reports. In 1986 the Society for Visual Education Inc. published a filmstrip series produced and written by Lynne V. Gibbs with accompanying audio cassette tapes and workbooks for elementary and middle schools' use. The following four Encyclopedia Brown stories were utilized: \"The Case of the","intellectual autodidact his tastes in literature were typical of an educated Victorian painter including Spenser Virgil Ruskin and Tennyson from whose works much of his iconography can be traced. His work was stunning often times reflecting the composition mood and influences of French Barbizon painter \"Jean Baptise mille Corot Jean","In October 1795 President George Washington appointed him as Director of the United States Mint a position he held through succeeding administrations until he retired in 1805. In addition to serving in political office Elias supported many civic religious and educational causes during his life. Boudinot served as one of","his closest adviser was his vassal and kinsman Álvar Fáñez \"Minaya\" (meaning \"My brother\" a compound word of Spanish possessive \"Mi\" (My) and \"Anaia\" the basque word for \"brother\") although the historical Álvar Fáñez remained in Castile with Alfonso VI. Taken together these practices imply an educated and intelligent commander","orchestrated as the suites titled \"The Wand of Youth\". Until he was fifteen Elgar received a general education at Littleton (now Lyttleton) House school near Worcester. However his only formal musical training beyond piano and violin lessons from local teachers consisted of more advanced violin studies with Adolf Pollitzer during","Eastern Church should be given the opportunity to at least be educated on the subject. Constantine in his wisdom and upset by disagreement banished Hilary to the East. Hilary perfected his Greek language skills while in exile and determined the great divide between Rome and the East was actually not","years the \"Britannica\"'s main competitor was the general encyclopaedia of Ephraim Chambers and soon thereafter \"Rees's Cyclopædia\" and Coleridge's \"Encyclopædia Metropolitana\". In the 20th century successful competitors included \"Collier's Encyclopedia\" the \"Encyclopedia Americana\" and the \"World Book Encyclopedia\". Nevertheless from the 9th edition onwards the \"Britannica\" was widely considered to","Corporation signed a five-year $461 million compact to stimulate economic growth and reduce poverty in the country's northern region the primary conflict zone during the civil war through investments in education public services enterprise development and transportation infrastructure. With the adoption of the US dollar as its currency in 2001","The principal religion in Equatorial Guinea is Christianity the faith of 93% of the population. Roman Catholics make up the majority (87%) while a minority are Protestants (5%). 2% of the population follows Islam (mainly Sunni). The remaining 5% practise Animism Bahá'í Faith and other beliefs. Equatorial Guinea\u2019s innovative malaria","of military personnel as well as the coordination of academic activities of the armed forces necessary to achieve an adequate degree of education at all levels. This unit is responsible for providing livelihoods and combating the armed forces and is responsible for the management and administration of the resources needed","educational research. Accurate analysis of data using standardized statistical methods in scientific studies is critical to determining the validity of empirical research. Statistical formulas such as regression uncertainty coefficient t-test chi square and various types of ANOVA (analyses of variance) are fundamental to forming logical valid conclusions. If empirical data","In 1868 Franz Liszt who had not yet met Grieg wrote a testimonial for him to the Norwegian Ministry of Education which led to Grieg's obtaining a travel grant. The two men met in Rome in 1870. On Grieg's first visit they went over Grieg's Violin Sonata No. 1 which","As a young boy he was educated in London at the Merchant Taylors' School and matriculated as a sizar at Pembroke College Cambridge. While at Cambridge he became a friend of Gabriel Harvey and later consulted him despite their differing views on poetry. In 1578 he became for a short","since 2003 with more than 16000 runners taking part on each occasion. Its organisers have called it \"the fastest marathon in the UK\" due to the elevation drop of . The city also organises a half-marathon as well as 10 km () and 5 km () races including a race on 1","Finally in 2011 the ICF named Eindhoven the Intelligent Community of the Year. Eindhoven is one of the co-location centres of the European Institute of Innovation and Technology (EIT). It hosts two Knowledge and Innovation Communities (KICs): Innoenergy (Sustainable Energy) and EIT ICT Labs (Information and Communication Technology). The co-locations","also contain a significant number of people in this community. In addition content-providers such as WordPress and YouTube also enable bloggers write in Esperanto. Esperanto versions of programs such as the office suite LibreOffice and Mozilla Firefox browser or the educational program about programming Scratch are also available. Additionally online","of the crisis then stabilise to 13.8% by summer 2011 as the economy recovered on the basis of strong exports. Internal consumption and therefore imports plummeted; and cuts were made in public finances. Some of the reduction in unemployment has been attributed to some Estonians' emigrating for employment to Finland","of its communities also live in Brazil United States Portugal and France. Spanish French and Portuguese are the official languages and spoken as second languages. Spanish is the language of education and for this reason a majority of the population (about 88%) can speak it though only about 10\u201315% have","the time of its extinction only a few educated Romans with antiquarian interests such as Marcus Terentius Varro could read Etruscan. The last person known to have been able to read Etruscan was the Roman emperor Claudius (10 BC \u2013 AD 54) who authored a treatise in 20 volumes on the Etruscans called","moved into the company Sony Ericsson in 2001. The following is a list of mobile phones marketed under the brand name Ericsson. Ericsson Mobile Platforms was a supplier of technology platforms for GSM/EDGE and WCDMA/HSPA platforms used in devices such as mobile handsets and PC cards. Through Ericsson Mobile Platforms","even though education enrollment at primary and tertiary level has increased significantly job creation has not caught up with the increased output from educational institutes. The country must create hundreds of thousands of jobs every year just to keep up with population growth. The Ethiopian constitution defines the right to","gambling and the cost of secondary education for the young man. Poe attended the University of Virginia for one semester but left due to lack of money. Poe quarreled with Allan over the funds for his education and enlisted in the Army in 1827 under an assumed name. It was","went regularly to the United States on the International Military Education Training program after which funding for this program for Equatorial Guinea ceased. The government spent 6.5% of its annual budget on defense in 2000 and 4.5% of its budget on defense in 2001. It recently acquired some Chinese artillery","independence the government faced formidable challenges. Beginning with a nascent judicial system and an education system in shambles it has attempted to build the institutions of government from scratch with varying success. Since then the impact of the border war with Ethiopia and continued army mobilisation has contributed to the","transport system is marked by the area-wide (light rail) network established as a tram system in 1883 upgraded to a light rail ( \" ) system in 1997 and continually expanded and upgraded through the 2000s. Today there are six \"Stadtbahn\" lines running every ten minutes on every light rail","indigenous Salvadorans in the country. According to the National Salvadoran Indigenous Coordination Council (CCNIS) and CONCULTURA (National Council for Art and Culture at the Ministry of Education ) approximately 600000 or 10 per cent of Salvadorian peoples are indigenous. Nonetheless very few Amerindians have retained their customs and traditions having","B2B is rapidly growing in the world that leads to lower cost and then improves the economic efficiency and also bring along the growth of employment.  Employment growth is based on the increase of jobs in specific markets related to e-commerce such as new products market research software sales and","political crisis involving a sex scandal surrounding a contender for the state premiership. Upon taking office he nominated Strauss' daughter Monika Hohlmeier as State Minister for Education and Cultural Affairs. In his capacity as Minister-President Stoiber served as President of the Bundesrat in 1995/96. In 1998 he also succeeded Theo","and I would be inside playing the piano. This one big book of scales practising them over and over.\" At eleven Enya's grandfather paid for her education at a strict convent boarding school in Milford run by nuns of the Loreto order where she developed a taste for classical music","country's population. Due to pilferage ignorance and neglect the country's infrastructure\u2014electrical water road transportation and health\u2014fell into ruin. The private and public sectors of the economy were devastated. Nigerian contract labourers on Bioko estimated to have been 60000 left en masse in early 1976. The economy collapsed and skilled citizens","World Cup Stop for 2008. In January 2009 Enniskillen hosted the ceremonial start of Rally Ireland 2009 the first stage of the WRC FIA World Rally Championship 2009 Calendar. There are numerous schools and colleges in and around the Enniskillen area from primary level to secondary level including some further","educational achievement. Languages spoken in Estonia largely reflect the ethnic groups composing the country and thus have changed with historical trends affecting the ethnic makeup of the country. Religion plays a small part in the lives of most Estonians largely as a result of the Soviet occupation from 1944\u20131991. Overall","the Reverend Stephen Jenner was the vicar of Berkeley so Jenner received a strong basic education. He went to school in Wotton-under-Edge and Cirencester. During the time he was inoculated for smallpox which had a lifelong effect upon his general health. At the age of 14 he was apprenticed for","researchers in psychology and education which developed a research tradition of randomized experiments in laboratories and specialized textbooks in the 1800s. Charles S. Peirce also contributed the first English-language publication on an optimal design for regression models in 1876. A pioneering optimal design for polynomial regression was suggested by Gergonne","the Sawa Training Centre to complete the final year of their secondary education which is integrated with their military service. If a student does not attend this period of training he or she will not be allowed to attend university - many routes to employment also require proof of military","the West to inspect fortifications along the Atlantic Wall. Goebbels supported the decision noting in his diary that Rommel was \"undoubtedly the suitable man\" for the task. The propaganda minister expected the move to reassure the German public and at the same time to have a negative impact on the","in 1981 and 1983 raised little sympathy among the populace. Under Obiang schools reopened and primary education expanded public utilities and roads were restored a favorable contast with Macías' tyranny and terror but his administration has been criticized for not implementing genuine democratic reforms. Corruption and a dysfunctional judicial system","\"the narrative of civil rights from a regional issue into a national story promoting racial equality and democratic renewal\". During the Civil Rights Movement of the 1960s Lyndon B. Johnson invoked the Emancipation Proclamation holding it up as a promise yet to be fully implemented. As Vice President while speaking","examination to join the Navy his father relented to his wishes to pursue an art education. From 1850 to 1856 Manet studied under the academic painter Thomas Couture. In his spare time Manet copied the Old Masters in the Louvre. From 1853 to 1856 Manet visited Germany Italy and the","Reznor's intended pace of the album's recording. The first delay caused the process of setting up Le Pig to take longer than he expected and its release was postponed again as he was educating himself different ways to write songs that did not resemble those on \"Broken\" and \"Pretty Hate","education level health economic status religious affiliations and other aspects of the population. The country's population is highly diverse comprising over 80 different ethnic groups. Most people in Ethiopia speak Afroasiatic languages mainly of the Semitic or Cushitic branches. Among these are the Oromo Amhara Somali and Tigrayans who together","the atom\" using a particle accelerator and Edward Appleton for demonstrating the existence of the ionosphere. In 1925 Rutherford pushed calls to the Government of New Zealand to support education and research which led to the formation of the Department of Scientific and Industrial Research (DSIR) in the following year.","the pilot stage 1053 households were given an opportunity to send their children to a private school of their choice. The EVS makes its partner schools accountable to the parents rather than to the bureaucrats at the Ministry of Education. In the FAS program every school principal has the choice","undisclosed amount from a third party to settle her lawsuit alleging toxic mold in her Agoura Hills California home. After experiencing problems with mold contamination in her own home in the Conejo Valley Brockovich became a prominent activist and educator in this area as well. Brockovich and Masry filed suit","Philadelphia. His early education was good though not especially in the direction of art. The first development of his artistic talent occurred while he was attending the sickbed of his father when he attempted drawing to occupy the long hours of waiting. His father died in 1831. At 14 he","educated elites. These literary elves were imagined as small impish beings with Shakespeare's \"A Midsummer Night's Dream\" being a key development of this idea. In the eighteenth century German Romanticist writers were influenced by this notion of the \"elf\" and reimported the English word \"elf\" into the German language. From","was a schoolmaster his early education was neglected. Ultimately in 1518 he found his way to the University of Wittenberg where he studied theology. He had the good fortune to attract the attention of Martin Luther and Philipp Melanchthon and subsequently became one of Luther's most active helpers in the","Afghanistan loaded only with Pakistani rather than Indian goods in an attempt to curb smuggling. According to Afghanistan's Chamber of Commerce and Industries deputy head Khan Jan Alokozai about 500 shipping containers of trade goods enter Afghanistan via the Torkham and Wesh-Chaman border crossings on a daily basis. Other major","of \"defectives\" would lead to the disappearance of undesirable genetic traits. Among institutions the Catholic Church was an opponent of state-enforced sterilizations. Attempts by the Eugenics Education Society to persuade the British government to legalize voluntary sterilization were opposed by Catholics and by the Labour Party. The American Eugenics Society","as a matter of practicing the correct way for a total of around 10000 hours. Scholar Know-how Skill Competence Excellence","at the Whitehall Inn in Camden Maine and was so impressed that she offered to pay for Millay's education at Vassar College. Her 1920 collection \"A Few Figs From Thistles\" drew controversy for its exploration of female sexuality and feminism. In 1919 she wrote the anti-war play \"Aria da Capo\"","in charge of the young man's education. Viollet-le-Duc was trendy philosophically: republican anti-clerical rebellious he built a barricade in the July Revolution of 1830 and refused to enter the École des Beaux-Arts. Instead he opted in favor of direct practical experience in the architectural offices of Jacques-Marie Huvé and Achille","so Garrett learned the three Rs from her mother. When she was 10 years old a governess Miss Edgeworth a poor gentlewoman was employed to educate Garrett and her sister. Mornings were spent in the schoolroom; there were regimented afternoon walks; educating the young ladies continued at mealtimes when Edgeworth","published photographs of the camps). Camps held up to 18000 people and were small cities with medical care food and education provided by the government. Adults were offered \"camp jobs\" with wages of $12 to $19 per month and many camp services such as medical care and education were provided","equilibrium contribute to widespread confusion and hamper comprehension of entropy for most students. As the second law of thermodynamics shows in an isolated system internal portions at different temperatures tend to adjust to a single uniform temperature and thus produce equilibrium. A recently developed educational approach avoids ambiguous terms and","Education reform Education reform is the name given to the goal of changing(improving) public education and the goal of making education available to more children. Historically reforms have taken different forms because the motivations of reformers have differed. However since the 1980s education reform has been focused on changing the","President of the United States John Adams. Burroughs was educated at a number of local schools He then attended Phillips Academy in Andover Massachusetts and then the Michigan Military Academy. Graduating in 1895 and failing the entrance exam for the United States Military Academy at West Point he became an","Parks Department embarked on an 8-year renovation. During that time David Simonton was part of The Ellis Island Project: Documentation/Interpretation and captured stunning black and white photos giving insight into immigrant's lives. Photographer Stephen Wilkes's series Ellis Island: Ghosts of Freedom (2006) captured the abandoned south side of Ellis Island.","declinedhe became in the Hellenistic Age a cornerstone of ancient literary education along with Homer Demosthenes and Menander. Euripides is identified with theatrical innovations that have profoundly influenced drama down to modern times especially in the representation of traditional mythical heroes as ordinary people in extraordinary circumstances. This new approach","speech fights. Although she was hostile to the suffragist goals of first-wave feminism Goldman advocated passionately for the rights of women and is today heralded as a founder of anarcha-feminism which challenges patriarchy as a hierarchy to be resisted alongside state power and class divisions. In 1897 she wrote: \"I","verse. The form also remained popular among the educated classes for gravestone epitaphs; many such epitaphs can be found in European cathedrals. \"De tribus puellis\" is an example of a Latin \"fabliau\" a genre of comedy which employed elegiac couplets in imitation of Ovid. The medieval theorist John of Garland","English Estonian Finnish French German Greek Hungarian Irish Italian Latvian Lithuanian Maltese Polish Portuguese Romanian Slovak Slovenian Spanish and Swedish. This designation provides member states with two \"entitlements:\" the member state may communicate with the EU in the designated one of those languages and view \"EU regulations and other legislative","Munich and thus making it the highest ranked Technical University in Europe) based on the impact of its scientific research. In 'The Times Higher Education Supplement World University Ranking 2005'. it was ranked 74th among world universities and 67th in 2006. The university operates several international cooperations with other universities","after their return home. The three remaining sisters and their brother Patrick Branwell were thereafter educated at home by their father and aunt Elizabeth Branwell their mother's sister. A shy girl Emily was very close to her siblings and was known as a great animal lover being especially noted for","parents sent him to be educated by the monks of Fulda - one of the most impressive centres of learning in the Frank lands - perhaps due to his small stature which restricted his riding and sword-fighting ability Einhard concentrated his energies towards scholarship and especially to the mastering of","of Latin and classical literature and was responsible for her son's education for his first twelve years. At the age of 10 Galois was offered a place at the college of Reims but his mother preferred to keep him at home. In October 1823 he entered the Lycée Louis-le-Grand and","Court of Human Rights acknowledged a violation of the fair balance between the demands of the general interest of the community and the requirements of the protection of the individual's fundamental rights also in the uncertainty \u2013 for the owner \u2013 about the future of the property and in the","social relations: they allowed strangers to integrate and education was valued. In later times Pliny the Elder mentioned having seen at Ephesus a representation of the goddess Diana by Timarata the daughter of a painter. In 356 BC the temple of Artemis was burnt down according to legend by a lunatic","farming couple. He received his early education in Shrewsbury School under a Mr Hotchkin and was admitted as a sizar at Magdalene College Cambridge on 24 March 1753 being also Millington exhibitioner. His extraordinary talent for mathematics was recognised from his early years in Cambridge. In 1757 he graduated BA","impacts recovery. Other factors that may affect prognosis are age education gender and motivation. Occupation handedness personality and emotional state may also be associated with recovery outcomes. Studies have also found that prognosis of expressive aphasia correlates strongly with the initial severity of impairment. However it has been seen that","in Mount Abu India was educated in Plymouth Devon and worked as an insurance officer for 10 years before studying for the stage and eventually becoming a writer. Eden Phillpotts was a great-nephew of Henry Phillpotts Bishop of Exeter. His father Henry Phillpotts was a son of the bishop\u2019s younger brother Thomas","a process evocative of cold fusion (over 50 years before Stanley Pons and Martin Fleischmann). He describes a nuclear process yielding large amounts of energy and producing only negligible radioactive waste\u2014which then goes on to form the basis of the adventures in the Skylark books. Smith's general description of the","her in later life to write her most ambitious work \"Aurora Leigh\" (1856) which went through more than 20 editions by 1900 but none between 1905 and 1978. She was educated at home and tutored by Daniel McSwiney with her oldest brother. She began writing verses at the age of","fair use criteria drastically different from those in the U.S. and some countries do not have a fair use framework at all. Some countries have the concept of fair dealing instead of fair use while others use different systems of limitations and exceptions to copyright. Many countries have some reference","Karlson Johansson & Johnsson estimates that the percentage of the buyer\u2019s income entering the service vendor\u2019s wallet (inverted tax wedge) is slightly over 15% compared to 10% in Belgium 25% in France 40% in Switzerland and 50% in the United States. Tax cuts have been in every post-depression government's agenda","spirit God or life force\". According to ISSP survey data (2008) 8% consider themselves \"highly religious\" and 31% \"moderately religious\". In the same survey 28% reported themselves as \"agnostic\" and 29% as \"non-religious\". Life expectancy has increased from 71 years for men and 79 years for women in 1990 to","a strident critic of mainstream education and organized religion and a forthright and passionate advocate for freedom of speech self-education political participation and the abolition of censorship. Unlike many other rock musicians of his generation he personally disapproved of and seldom used drugs but supported their decriminalization and regulation. During","taste even his most conservative designs retained simplified massing and occasional Sullivan-inspired details. Soon after the completion of the Winslow House in 1894 Edward Waller a friend and former client invited Wright to meet Chicago architect and planner Daniel Burnham. Burnham had been impressed by the Winslow House and other","Nailatikau were held later. The meeting with Bainimarama attracted some media attention; Bainimarama said that the meeting had been approved by Prime Minister Qarase and that there was nothing underhanded about it. The talks are to cover such matters as the Pacific Plan and a cost-sharing agreement for a citizen","westerns especially the series of movies adapted from Karl May's popular genre novels which starred Pierre Brice as the Apache Winnetou and Lex Barker as his white blood brother Old Shatterhand; thrillers and crime films notably a series of Edgar Wallace movies from Rialto Film in which Klaus Kinski Heinz","the Romani lived throughout Finland. While most Lapps wore ordinary clothing in their everyday life Romani could be identified by their dress; the men generally wore high boots and the women almost always dressed in very full long velvet skirts. Like most Lapps however Roma also had largely abandoned a","about 900000 students about 500000 are enrolled in Francophone schools public or private in which the teaching of mathematics and scientific subjects is provided in French. Actual usage of French varies depending on the region and social status. One third of high school students educated in French go on to","depicted as the primary resistance force against the Japanese in the war against invasion. Chinese filmmakers were sent to Moscow to study the Soviet socialist realism style of filmmaking. In 1956 the Beijing Film Academy was opened. One important film of this era is \"This Life of Mine\" (1950) directed","by its inland position with warmer summers and colder winter nights than expected for coastal areas of New Brunswick and Nova Scotia. The highest temperature ever recorded in Fredericton was on 18 August 1935. The coldest temperature ever recorded was on 19 January 1925. Fredericton's status as an educational centre","vast archive of 1946 and later recording in digital form. Lomax spent the last 20 years of his life working on an interactive multimedia educational computer project he called the Global Jukebox which included 5000 hours of sound recordings 400000 feet of film 3000 videotapes and 5000 photographs. As of","and Britain. After the collapse of the Ottoman Empire France and Britain divided the Middle East between themselves. France received Syria and Lebanon. These colonies were granted independence after 1945 but France still tried to forge cultural and educational bonds between the areas particularly with Lebanon. Relationships with Syria are","not a regulation. Often the statute and the regulation come in similarly named pairs. For example the law on primary education lists the subjects to the taught and the regulation specifies the required number of teaching hours. Most of regulations are given by the Cabinet but the President may give","a time. Open market operations allow the Federal Reserve to increase or decrease the amount of money in the banking system as necessary to balance the Federal Reserve's dual mandates. Open market operations are done through the sale and purchase of United States Treasury security sometimes called \"Treasury bills\" or","effects on social and psychological well-being. These effects may include social isolation stigmatization or disability. They may result in lower educational achievement and worse employment outcomes. Learning disabilities are common in those with the condition and especially among children with epilepsy. The stigma of epilepsy can also affect the families","were doing: getting high wearing Afros bell-bottoms and listening to Parliament-Funkadelic. That's why I called my album \"The Chronic\" and based my music and the concepts like I did: because his shit was a big influence on my music. Very big\". Digital Underground was a large contributor to the rebirth","most important medium for educating the masses in the ways means and successes of communism a position which was later echoed by Joseph Stalin. However between World War I and the Russian Revolution the Russian film industry and the infrastructure needed to support it (e.g. electrical power) had deteriorated to","local economy. Between 1946 and 2003 French Polynesia had the status of an overseas territory (' or \"TOM\"). In 2003 it became an overseas collectivity (' or COM). Its statutory law of 27 February 2004 gives it the particular designation of \"overseas country inside the Republic\" (\"\" or POM) but","the Colonial Development Corporation in the 1950s which was also responsible for developing Port Albemarle. It was mainly a refrigeration plant and was supposed to freeze Falkland mutton but this was found to be economically unviable despite the huge expense incurred. Many of the pre-fabricated houses here were moved to","intended to scare audiences soon all sorts of subjects appeared and the lantern was not only used for storytelling but also for education. In the 19th century several new and popular magic lantern techniques were developed including dissolving views and several types of mechanical slides that created dazzling abstract effects","Jews along with other groups were massacred in Romanian-run death camps. In early 2006 Wiesel accompanied Oprah Winfrey as she visited Auschwitz a visit which was broadcast as part of \"The Oprah Winfrey Show\". On November 30 2006 Wiesel received a knighthood in London in recognition of his work toward","Awards\" (is) one of the most prestigious documentary educational business and informational competitions in the U.S; (it is) the oldest of its kind in North America and celebrating its 54th year.\" It was followed four years later by the San Francisco International Film Festival held in March 1957 which emphasized","film-related businesses UK Prime Minister David Cameron said that his government had bold ambitions for the film industry: \"Our role and that of the BFI should be to support the sector in becoming even more dynamic and entrepreneurial helping UK producers to make commercially successful pictures that rival the quality","advances in integrating Frisian in daily life there is still a lack of education and media awareness of the Frisian language perhaps reflecting its rural origins and its lack of prestige Therefore in a sociological sense it is considered more a dialect than a standard language even though linguistically it","and other denominations have small numbers of Indo-Fijian members; Christians of all kinds comprise 6.1% of the Indo-Fijian population. Hindus belong mostly to the Sanatan sect (74.3% of all Hindus) or else are unspecified (22%). The small Arya Samaj sect claims the membership of some 3.7% of Hindus in Fiji.","in philosophy at Basel instead. In 1873 Nietzsche began to accumulate notes that would be posthumously published as \"Philosophy in the Tragic Age of the Greeks\". Between 1873 and 1876 he published four separate long essays: \"David Strauss: the Confessor and the Writer\" \"On the Use and Abuse of History","education level health of the populace economic status religious affiliations and other aspects of the population. Recent DNA analysis have revealed that Y chromosomes tracing male descent are 87% Scandinavian. The studies show that mitochondrial DNA tracing female descent is 84% Scottish / Irish. Of the approximately 48000 inhabitants of","education level health of the populace economic status religious affiliations and other aspects of the population. The following demographic statistics are from the CIA World Factbook unless otherwise indicated.","is starting to be a general education requirement. Employment for psychologists in the United States is expected to grow faster than most occupations through the year 2014 with anticipated growth of 18\u201326%. One in four psychologists are employed in educational settings. In the United States the median salary for psychologists","not afford to send him to boarding school as a result of financial difficulties caused by the banking crisis of 1893. Page consequently had to rely on scholarships to advance his education. He won a bursary to attend Sydney Boys High School in 1895 where he passed the university entrance","the Estophile Enlightenment Period (1750\u20131840). Although Baltic Germans at large regarded the future of Estonians as being a fusion with themselves the Estophile educated class admired the ancient culture of the Estonians and their era of freedom before the conquests by Danes and Germans in the 13th century. After the","when operating with 40 kilowatts on 42.8 MHz the station could be clearly heard away matching the daytime coverage of a full power 50-kilowatt AM station. FCC studies comparing the Apex station transmissions with Armstrong's FM system concluded that his approach was superior. In early 1940 the FCC held hearings on","and the Water of Life 2014 dir. Serkan Zelzele) a children's adaptation of Çelebi's adventures is the first full-length Turkish animated film.","become active. But in 1959 Nikita Khrushchev initiated his own campaign against the Russian Orthodox Church and forced the closure of about 12000 churches. It is estimated that 50000 clergy had been executed between the revolution and the end of the Khrushchev era. Members of the church hierarchy were jailed","respectability as he grew more educated. Somehow he became crippled. Origen stated that his leg was deliberately broken by his master. Simplicius stated that he had been lame from childhood. Epictetus obtained his freedom sometime after the death of Nero in 68 A.D. and he began to teach philosophy in","favour of Giovanni Giorgi. In 1926 at the age of 24 he applied for a professorship at the Sapienza University of Rome. This was a new chair one of the first three in theoretical physics in Italy that had been created by the Minister of Education at the urging of","strips on top of two wooden slats with stones in a tin container which rattle if stepped on and flares that are triggered by contact thus illuminating would-be escapees during the night. Albania the only predominantly Muslim country in Europe at that time largely owing to Turkish influence in the","you their word that was it ... It was an education.\" Two years later he received a master of arts degree in education from the City College of New York. He gained his first method acting experience at the Neighborhood Playhouse School of the Theatre in New York City where he","a position are contained on each job vacancy announcement. KSAs are brief and focused essays about one's career and educational background that presumably qualify one to perform the duties of the position being applied for. An Executive Core Qualification or ECQ is a narrative statement that is required when applying","mayor of Magneux. His only formal education was at his local primary school after which he carried out agricultural work on his father's farm before joining the French Post & Telegraph Administration as an apprentice operator in 1869. The telegraph service trained him in the Morse telegraph and also sent","to earn U.S. government financial support for his education but failed the Army medical examination due to his impaired eyesight. Wilson was able to afford to enroll in the University of Alabama after all earning his B.S. and M.S. degrees in biology there in 1950. In 1952 he transferred to","response to her critics was that she was uninterested in the views of anyone over the age of 12 claiming that half the attacks on her work were motivated by jealousy and the rest came from \"stupid people who don't know what they're talking about because they've never read any","his death Kocher attributed all his successes and failures to God. He thought that the rise of materialism (especially in science) was a great evil and he attributed the outbreak of the First World War. Kocher was involved in the education of his three sons and played tennis with them","Hanotaux did not like how the French language was losing its position as the international language and saw Esperanto as a threat. However two years later the League recommended that its member states include Esperanto in their educational curricula. Many people see the 1920s as the heyday of the Esperanto","the number of years of education that person has acquired. The parameter formula_12 measures the increase in the natural log of the wage attributable to one more year of education. The term formula_4 is a random variable representing all other factors that may have direct influence on wage. The econometric","2.0) was created in 2017 by Dr. Freitas-Magalhães and presents about 2000 segments in 4K using 3D technology and automatic and real-time recognition. In the late 19th century the most influential theorists were William James (1842\u20131910) and Carl Lange (1834\u20131900). James was an American psychologist and philosopher who wrote about","although only five survived to adulthood. Of these Elbridge was the third. He was first educated by private tutors and entered Harvard College shortly before turning fourteen. After receiving a B.A. in 1762 and an M.A. in 1765 he entered his father's merchant business. By the 1770s the Gerrys numbered","arrangements on Morrissey's \"Dear God Please Help Me\" from the album \"Ringleader of the Tormentors\" in 2006. Since 2004 Morricone wrote music for almost exclusively Italian television movies and mini-series especially for directors such as Giuseppe Tornatore Alberto Negrin Giuliano Montaldo and Franza Di Rosa. In 2008 the composer recorded","Rockwell (Mr. Philip Boynton) Gloria McMillan (Harriet Conklin) and Jane Morgan (landlady Margaret Davis) played the same roles on television. Arden's portrayal of the character was so popular that she was made an honorary member of the National Education Association received a 1952 award from the Teachers College of Connecticut's","including his own troupe of minstrels as a contented child. From the age of six Edward began his formal education under Richard Cox and John Cheke concentrating as he recalled himself on \"learning of tongues of the scripture of philosophy and all liberal sciences\". He received tuition from Elizabeth's tutor","Liverpool-born mother to Birkenhead Cheshire where he formed his first band a folk duo called Rusty with Allan Mayes. After completing his education at St. Francis Xavier's College (Liverpool) Costello worked at a number of office jobs to support himself most famously at Elizabeth Arden where he was employed as","for E-Prime in ESL and EFL programs) published by the Office of English Language Programs of the Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs in the State Department of the United States \"Requiring students to","education (especially of news facts and languages from around the world) tolerance and acceptance (especially of people completely different from yourself). Esperanto speakers are also more prone to being against globalization and culture-washing or throwing away one's native language meaning that while they want to be able to talk to","compose hymns and write biblical commentaries as part of his educational office. In his hymns he sometimes refers to himself as a \"herdsman\" ( \"\u2018allānâ\") to his bishop as the \"shepherd\" ( \"rā\u2018yâ\") and to his community as a 'fold' ( \"dayrâ\"). Ephrem is popularly credited as the founder of","prominent Carrillo family. He was educated at Zaragoza while his uncle was bishop of that see and studied law at Toulouse. The powerful influence of his family opened him a public career early in life. He was made archdeacon of Calatrava and became a member of the king's council while","age as early as eight according to some sources. He was educated at the \"Lycée Pierre Corneille\" in Rouen and did not leave until 1840 when he went to Paris to study law. In Paris he was an indifferent student and found the city distasteful. He made a few acquaintances","to be recognized as tools that could be used in the classroom. The benefits of GIS in education seem focused on developing spatial thinking but there is not enough bibliography or statistical data to show the concrete scope of the use of GIS in education around the world although the","looked at educational statistics and found bell-curves in test results of all sorts; initially in mathematics grades for the final honors examination and in entrance examination scores for Sandhurst. Galton's method in \"Hereditary Genius\" was to count and assess the eminent relatives of eminent men. He found that the number","Representatives for 2 December. Whitlam noted that the polling day was the anniversary of the Battle of Austerlitz \u2013 at which another \"ramshackle reactionary coalition\" had been given a \"crushing defeat\". Labor campaigned under the slogan \"It's Time\" an echo of Menzies' successful 1949 slogan \"It's Time for a Change\".","studies. Also the oldest international school in the world is located in Geneva the International School of Geneva founded in 1924 along with the League of Nations. The Geneva School of Diplomacy and International Relations is a private university on the grounds of the Château de Penthes an old manor","fond of Horatio Alger. Marx would continue to overcome his lack of formal education by becoming very well-read. After a few stabs at entry-level office work and jobs suitable for adolescents Julius took to the stage as a boy singer with the Gene Leroy Trio debuting at the Ramona Theatre","of Jesus-followers gathered in a house to share the Lord's supper. The author assumes an educated Greek-speaking audience but directs his attention to specifically Christian concerns rather than to the Greco-Roman world at large. He begins his gospel with a preface addressed to \"Theophilus\": the name means \"Lover of God\"","Christianity and Zoroastrianism had been broken by nascent Islam. In the early years of the Arab conquest Manicheanism again found followers in Persia (mostly amongst educated circles) but flourished most in Central Asia to which it had spread through Iran. Here in 762 Manicheanism became the state religion of the","1704 death lost the desire to publish it so that the \"New Essays\" were not published until 1765. The \"Monadologie\" composed in 1714 and published posthumously consists of 90 aphorisms. Leibniz met Spinoza in 1676 read some of his unpublished writings and has since been suspected of appropriating some of","returned home to Holland Patent at the end of 1854 where an elder in his church offered to pay for his college education if he would promise to become a minister. Cleveland declined and in 1855 he decided to move west. He stopped first in Buffalo New York where his","of women's education in general. Therefore all this must be kept secret \u2013 which rules out any approach to the police or other outside agency. For most of the book it is assumed that the perpetrator is mentally deranged and that this is a sufficient motive. But as it turned","at the Great Moravian Academy (\"Veľkomoravské učilište\") founded by the missionaries where their followers were educated. The Kiev Missal found in the 19th century in Jerusalem was dated to the 10th century. In 886 an East Frankish bishop of Nitra named Wiching banned the script and jailed 200 followers of","interests Galen received a comprehensive education that prepared him for a successful career as a physician and philosopher. Born in Pergamon (present-day Bergama Turkey) Galen traveled extensively exposing himself to a wide variety of medical theories and discoveries before settling in Rome where he served prominent members of Roman society","Ouija boards. Chesterton was educated at St Paul's School then attended the Slade School of Art to become an illustrator. The Slade is a department of University College London where Chesterton also took classes in literature but did not complete a degree in either subject. Chesterton married Frances Blogg in","Christopher Plummer with Henry Ian Cusick as Jesus. Parts of the gospel have been set to music. One such setting is Steve Warner's power anthem \"Come and See\" written for the 20th anniversary of the Alliance for Catholic Education and including lyrical fragments taken from the Book of","Leroy-Petit in Rouen\u2014the \"Institution Robineau\" of Maupassant's story \"La Question du Latin\"\u2014for classical studies. From his early education he retained a marked hostility to religion and to judge from verses composed around this time he deplored the ecclesiastical atmosphere its ritual and discipline. Finding the place to be unbearable he","City and Guilds of London Institute the forerunner of the engineering school (still called City and Guilds college) at Imperial College London. The aim of the City and Guilds of London Institute was the Advancement of Technical Education. \"City and Guilds\" operates as an examining and accreditation body for vocational","following the 2007 Bremen state election. In April 2008 following the 2008 Hamburg state election the Green-Alternative List (GAL) in Hamburg entered into a coalition with the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) the first state-level coalition in Germany. Although the GAL had to agree to the deepening of the Elbe River","be used as an exercise in performance art education. Another usage of Gibberish is as part of Osho's \"Gibberish meditation\" which has been derived from an old Sufi practice. In Lovecraft's The Call of Cthulhu the inscription on the base of an idol of Cthulhu is first described as \"gibberish\"","singular virtue\". Tacitus states that Procilla had a fond affection for her son. Agricola was educated in Massilia (Marseille) and showed what was considered an unhealthy interest in philosophy. He began his career in Roman public life as a military tribune serving in Britain under Gaius Suetonius Paulinus from 58","the spirit of religion. He believed that human reason (initiated by criticism and dissent) would develop even without help by a divine revelation. In his writing \"The Education of Humankind\" (\"Die Erziehung des Menschengeschlechts\") he extensively and coherently lays out his position. The idea of freedom (for the theatre against","during second grade. His musical education was thus reduced to what his friend taught him until Goran's mother bought him his first guitar in his early teens. Bregović wanted to enroll in a fine arts high school but his aunt told his mother that it was supposedly full of homosexuals","consent of the pope to suppress the hospital which had fallen into great disorder and replaced it with a seminary for the priestly education of seventy poor boys under the name of the Collegio Alberoni which it still bears. The Cardinal's collections of art gathered in Rome and Piacenza housed","French spiritualism is based on the five books of the Spiritist Codification written by French educator Hypolite Léon Denizard Rivail under the pseudonym Allan Kardec reporting séances in which he observed a series of phenomena that he attributed to incorporeal intelligence (spirits). His assumption of spirit communication was validated by","encountered in the mainstream correspondence model of distance education is transactional distance which results from the lack of appropriate communication between learner and teacher. This gap has been observed to become wider if there is no communication between the learner and teacher and has direct implications over the learning process","welfare policies involving the rights of women senior citizens children young people labour minorities indigenous peoples farmers and other disadvantaged sectors of the society. Furthermore its platform includes a legal and political order based on human rights and democracy; balanced economic and financial administration; fair and open social welfare; educational","long been used traditionally by religiously educated people in South Asia to record and transmit information existing throughout the land in parallel with a wide variety of local scripts (such as Modi Kaithi and Mahajani) used for administration commerce and other daily uses. The Devanagari script is used for over","entrants directly from high school and ranging from the Doctor of Chiropractic (DC) which (at the time) required only two or three years of college-level education up to the PhD. All doctoral degree holders with the exception of the JD were customarily addressed as \"Doctor\" but the title was also","his mother and enjoyed being mollycoddled a trait he carried into adulthood and he was skilful in gaining attention and sympathy. Thomas' formal education began at Mrs Hole's dame school a private school on Mirador Crescent a few streets away from his home. He described his experience there in \"Quite","would bring the dedication and systematic education of the older monastic orders like the Benedictines to bear on the religious problems of the burgeoning population of cities but with more organizational flexibility than either monastic orders or the secular clergy. The Order of Preachers was founded in response to a","for the Internet and better education on the use of the Internet led to further increases in Internet usage. Between 1990 and 1997 the percentage of households in the United States owning computers increased from 15% to 35%. Information and communications technology progressed from a luxury to a necessity. The","which the Catholic Church faced at the time. He also was insistent on education as a human right. He opened a new seminary in Paris called the on the site of a former Carmelite priory and a school of theology at the Sorbonne. Affre's episcopate however is chiefly remembered owing","is considerable disagreement on the values of these parameters but the 'educated guesses' used by Drake and his colleagues in 1961 were: Inserting the above minimum numbers into the equation gives a minimum N of 20 (see: Range of results). Inserting the maximum numbers gives a maximum of 50000000. Drake","educational psychology child psychopathology forensic developmental psychology child development cognitive psychology ecological psychology and cultural psychology. Influential developmental psychologists from the 20th century include Urie Bronfenbrenner Erik Erikson Sigmund Freud Jean Piaget Barbara Rogoff Esther Thelen and Lev Vygotsky. John B. Watson and Jean-Jacques Rousseau are typically cited as providing","released in 1985. He worked in elementary education until 1989. \"Summer of Night\" (1991) recounts the childhood of a group of pre-teens who band together in the 1960s to defeat a centuries-old evil that terrorizes their hometown of Elm Haven Illinois. The novel which was praised by Stephen King in","be phased into West Virginia's 765 state schools starting with its 103 middle schools over the next two years. The program was conceived by a researcher at West Virginia University's Motor Development Center. California Institute of Technology allows its students to use DDR to fulfill part of its physical education","child support citing Sovereign Immunity. However in September 1995 the incumbent head of Legal Affairs for the United Nations acknowledged there was a moral and legal obligation to take at least a partial responsibility in family disputes. Fathers working as diplomats who refused to fulfill their family-related financial duties were","March 2 has been adopted as the annual date for National Read Across America Day an initiative on reading created by the National Education Association. Geisel was born and raised in Springfield Massachusetts the son of Henrietta (\"née\" Seuss) and Theodor Robert Geisel. All four of his grandparents were German","living playing music by the time he was 15. He received little formal education and acquired the rudiments of literacy only in adult life. At the age of 17 Reinhardt married Florine \"Bella\" Mayer a girl from the same gypsy settlement according to gypsy custom (although not an official marriage","and Muslims Arabic language and Islamic Economics and Finance. It is an independent institution. It is named after its patron Hamdan bin Rashid Al Maktoum. Schools in Dundee have a pupil enrolment of over 20300. There are 37 primary state schools and 8 secondary state schools in the city. There","adventure. But I must have done something right for at one point \"The Journal of Higher Education\" named me one of the five or six best college newspaper cartoonists in the nation.\" Rosa's first published comic (besides the spot illustrations in his grade school and high school newspapers) was a","an investment group which was awarded the American League's thirteenth franchise which became the Seattle Mariners for $6.2 million US on February 7 1976. The ownership percentages of Kaye Smith and two other remaining original investors were reduced to five percent each when George Argyros purchased 80 percent of the","tax. His speech became his first political success: as the tax was repealed the following year in 1967. Also in 1967 Dewar was made a Parliamentary Private Secretary to the Education Secretary Anthony Crosland with whom Dewar later confessed to having never establishing a rapport\u2014saying Crosland was a \"very odd","that HDTV did not provide a sufficient technological basis for the foundation of digital cinema playback. In Europe India and Japan however there is still a significant presence of HDTV for theatrical presentations. Agreements within the ISO standards body have led to these non-compliant systems being referred to as Electronic","\u2013 and the imposition of abusive and inhumane punishments. Although still illegal at the federal level about half of U.S. states have legalized marijuana for medical use and several of those states have laws or are considering legislation specifically protecting medical marijuana patients from discrimination in such areas as education","uncles. They saw to it that he received an excellent education at the Collège des Quatre-Nations University of Paris but he was never a good student: he had a facial tumor that impeded his speech and he was always preoccupied with drawing. He covered his notebooks with drawings and he","30000 people moved out of the old city for more modern accommodation) a growing number of buildings are being abandoned or are falling into disrepair. In March 2007 the local government announced that it would be demolishing Old City buildings along a stretch of rampart walls as part of a","foreign films and TV series in Mandarin Chinese. Until the mid-1990s the major national terrestrial channels both dubbed and subtitled all foreign programs and films and for some popular programs the original voices were offered in Second audio program. Gradually however both terrestrial and cable channels stopped dubbing for prime","namely the education through critical reflections of a class of citizens more strategically positioned to influence the polis. However like Nietzsche Derrida is not satisfied merely with such a political interpretation of Plato because of the particular dilemma modern humans find themselves in. His Platonic reflections are inseparably part of","in tribute to the original artists\u2014to his local Wolf Cub group was described as \"mesmerizing ... like someone from another planet\". After taking his eleven-plus exam at the conclusion of his Burnt Ash Junior education Bowie went to Bromley Technical High School. It was an unusual technical school as biographer Christopher","the allegiance of most tribal leaders and established control over the cities. Amanullah Khan's reforms were heavily influenced by Europe. This came through the influence of Mahmud Tarzi who was both Amanullah Khan's father-in-law and Foreign Minister. Mahmud Tarzi a highly educated well-traveled poet journalist and diplomat was a key","Education of Cyrus). The 14th-century scholar Ibn Khaldun emphasised the importance of the division of labour in the production process. In his Muqaddimah he states: Sir William Petty was the first modern writer to take note of division of labour showing its existence and usefulness in Dutch shipyards. Classically the","conservatories and universities. Colleges offer certificates and diplomas in bass performance. Conservatories which are the standard musical training system in France and in Quebec (Canada) provide lessons and amateur orchestral experience for double bass players. Universities offer a range of double bass programs including bachelor's degrees Master of Music degrees","list of some reported errors in the book is available online. In November 2006 Bryson interviewed the then British prime minister Tony Blair on the state of science and education. Bryson has also written two popular works on the history of the English language \u2014 \"The Mother Tongue\" and \"Made in","era. In the west from the 11th century onward older cathedral schools developed into universities (see University of Oxford University of Paris and University of Bologna.) The traditional medieval universities\u2014evolved from Catholic and Protestant church schools\u2014then established specialized academic structures for properly educating greater numbers of students as professionals. Prof. Walter","words to the vocabulary of English and many other European languages and has been a standard subject of study in Western educational institutions since the Renaissance. Latinized forms of Ancient Greek roots are used in many of the scientific names of species and in other scientific terminology. The earliest surviving","of the Copyright Designs and Patents Act 1988. Specially for educational and scientific research purposes the Berne Convention provides the developing countries issue compulsory licenses for the translation or reproduction of copyrighted works within the limits prescribed by the Convention. This was a special provision that had been added at","political nature of the process of establishing the Centre with the Abbott federal government. The Australian Youth Climate Coalition and 350.org launched a national campaign to support staff and students in their rejection of Lomborg. On 21 October 2015 education minister Simon Birmingham told a senate committee the offered funding","1987 from the State University of New York at Albany and a Doctor of Education degree from California Coast University in 1996. Bova worked as a technical writer for Project Vanguard in the 1950s and later for the Avco Everett Research Laboratory in the 1960s. when they conducted research in","migration of retail jobs to the suburbs. The second largest portion of the service sector is the business service and hire only a slightly smaller percentage of the population. This includes the financial services real estate and communications industries. This portion of the economy has been rapidly growing in recent","was popular with audiences but he was not satisfied with dancing and wished to form a comedy act. In the years Chaplin was touring with the Eight Lancashire Lads his mother ensured that he still attended school but by age 13 he had abandoned education. He supported himself with a","of killing and raping. \"Ryūkyū Shimpō\" one of the two major Okinawan newspapers wrote in 2007: \"There are many Okinawans who have testified that the Japanese Army directed them to commit suicide. There are also people who have testified that they were handed grenades by Japanese soldiers\" to blow themselves","clerk until he was sent to one of Kiev's Orthodox fraternity schools. He continued his education in Polish at a Jesuit college possibly in Jarosław but more likely in Lviv in the school founded by hetman Żółkiewski. He completed his schooling by 1617 acquiring a broad knowledge of world history","been used interchangeably. The Boers are the smaller segment within the Afrikaner designation as the Afrikaners of Cape Dutch origin are more numerous. Afrikaner directly translated means \"African\" and thus refers to all Afrikaans-speaking people in Africa who have their origins in the Cape Colony founded by Jan Van Riebeeck.","education. A course in calculus is a gateway to other more advanced courses in mathematics devoted to the study of functions and limits broadly called mathematical analysis. Calculus has historically been called \"the calculus of infinitesimals\" or \"infinitesimal calculus\". The term \"calculus\" (plural \"calculi\") is also used for naming specific","an institution of learning ostensibly as part of the University of Deseret. Young said \"I hope to see an Academy established in Provo ... at which the children of the Latter-day Saints can receive a good education unmixed with the pernicious atheistic influences that are found in so many of","of \"Mitteleuropa\" destroyed this kind of culture instead. However the term \"Mitteleuropa\" is now widely used again in German education and media without negative meaning especially since the end of communism. In fact many people from the new states of Germany do not identify themselves as being part of Western","the UK. It is one of the largest universities in the UK with 25231 undergraduate and postgraduate students spread over 250 buildings 120 of which are listed as being of architectural merit. Ulster University created in its current form in 1984 is a multi-centre university with a campus in the","are located in this business cluster. Shipping is another import sector with Maersk the world's largest shipping company having their world headquarters in Copenhagen. The city has an industrial harbour Copenhagen Port. Following decades of stagnation it has experienced a resurgence since 1990 following a merger with Malmö harbour. Both","a Geography application for Windows or an Android application for education or Linux gaming. Sometimes a new and popular application arises that only runs on one platform increasing the desirability of that platform. This is called a killer application. System software or systems software is computer software designed to operate","southern Sweden. He received most of his higher education at Uppsala University and began giving lectures in botany there in 1730. He lived abroad between 1735 and 1738 where he studied and also published a first edition of his \"\" in the Netherlands. He then returned to Sweden where he","is ). The voiced plosives are pronounced as implosives by most speakers but this feature is weak in educated speech where they become . In syllable-final position and approach and respectively. The stops are unaspirated and have no audible release when occurring as syllable finals. In addition the consonants and","become a major cultural tourist destination visited by thousands each year. During the 1970s a further 300 houses were constructed at Wendouree West. Private housing in the adjacent suburb of Wendouree closely matched and eventually eclipsed this by the mid-1960s. The suburb of greater Wendouree and Wendouree West had evolved","declared by the United Nations as the International Year of Chemistry. It was an initiative of the International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry and of the United Nations Educational Scientific and Cultural Organization and involves chemical societies academics and institutions worldwide and relied on individual initiatives to organize local","the Pyrénées-Orientales officially recognized Catalan as one of the languages of the department and seeks to further promote it in public life and education. The decline of Catalan continued in the 16th and 17th centuries. The defeat of the pro-Habsburg coalition in the War of Spanish Succession (1714) initiated a","proportion of older persons in the total population has begun to increase substantially. Colombia is projected to have a population of 50.2 million by 2020 and 55.3 million by 2050. The population is concentrated in the Andean highlands and along the Caribbean coast also the population densities are generally higher in the","because of its commitment to orderly government and societal harmony. There were a few ardent defenders of the nation to the south notably liberal and socialist intellectuals such as F. R. Scott and Jean-Charles Harvey (1891\u20131967). Looking at television Collins (1990) finds that it is in English Canada that fear","Mary Kane sends Charles away to live with Thatcher so that he would be properly educated. It is also implied that Kane's father could be violent towards his son and that is another reason she would like to send him away. While Thatcher and Charles' parents discuss arrangements inside the","organizing and oversight role for the entire public service; line departments are departments which perform tasks in a specific area or field such as the departments of Agriculture Environment or Defence. Scholar Peter Aucoin writing about the Canadian Westminster system has raised concerns in the early 2000s about the centralization","he was sent to be educated at the cathedral school in Magdeburg seat of Adalbert of Magdeburg the teacher and namesake of Saint Adalbert. While still a youth he was made a canon of the Cathedral of Magdeburg. The fifteen-year-old Otto III made Bruno a part of his royal court.","education level health of the populace economic status religious affiliations and other aspects of the population. A census is carried out every five years in the Cook Islands. The last census was carried out in 2011 and the next census will be carried out in December 2016. The following demographic","content control software believing that acceptable use policies and educational efforts address the issue of children accessing age-inappropriate content while preserving adult users' right to freely access information. Some libraries use Internet filters on computers used by children only. Some libraries that employ content-control software allow the software to be","nor stand for election. Many join the CPC through the Communist Youth League. Under Jiang Zemin private entrepreneurs were allowed to become party members. According to the CPC constitution a member in short must follow orders be disciplined uphold unity serve the Party and the people and promote the socialist","to promote renewable energy. Natural gas is provided by Peoples Gas a subsidiary of Integrys Energy Group which is headquartered in Chicago. Domestic and industrial waste was once incinerated but it is now landfilled mainly in the Calumet area. From 1995 to 2008 the city had a blue bag program","mistresses after making arrangements to give them a dowry house or other transfer of property and sometimes if they were enslaved offering freedom and education for their children. A third class of free people of color developed especially in New Orleans. Many became educated artisans and property owners. French-speaking and","for Henry to use as a banner at the siege of Tournai. Catherine's religious dedication increased as she became older as did her interest in academics. She continued to broaden her knowledge and provide training for her daughter Mary. Education among women became fashionable partly because of Catherine's influence and","as an educational aid or curiosity. The radiometer is made from a glass bulb from which much of the air has been removed to form a partial vacuum. Inside the bulb on a low friction spindle is a rotor with several (usually four) vertical lightweight vanes spaced equally around the","gentry or of higher social status. (An exception was Praise-God Barebone a Baptist merchant after whom the Assembly got its derogatory nickname.) Many were well educated. The assembly reflected the range of views of the officers who nominated it. The Radicals (approximately forty) included a hard core of Fifth Monarchists","abroad for education for a period of several years. Other groups causing problems of enumeration are new born babies refugees people away on holiday people moving home around census day and people without a fixed address. People having second homes because of working in another part of the country or","professionals in reference to its solid blue cover it was the template for legislation and organization for the next 40 years. Perhaps the most memorable aspect of the Cold War civil defense effort was the educational effort made or promoted by the government. In \"Duck and Cover\" Bert the Turtle","vertical aiming competitor Bungie's \"Marathon\" became the first first-person shooter to support using the mouse to aim up and down. Games using the Build engine had an option to invert the Y-axis. The \"invert\" feature actually made the mouse behave in a manner that users regard as non-inverted (by default","and in 1975 when Elwes was 12 his father committed suicide. For his education Elwes attended Harrow School. He then attended the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art. In 1981 he moved to the United States to study acting at Sarah Lawrence College in Bronxville New York. While living","us this year the portrait of Dr. Grier. Composition flesh texture sound drawing\u2014everything is there without affectation and without seeking for effect.\" Cecelia Beaux considered herself a \"New Woman\" a 19th-century women who explored educational and career opportunities that had generally been denied to women. In the late 19th century","Companies may be good at capturing demographic data such as gender age income and education and connecting them with purchasing information to categorize customers into profitability tiers but this is only a firm's mechanical view of customer relationships. This therefore is a sign that firms believe that customers are still","colonial educational institutions were based on the Scottish and English collegiate system. The campus evolved from the cloistered model in Europe to a diverse set of independent styles in the United States. Early colonial colleges were all built in proprietary styles with some contained in single buildings such as the","place in 2012\u20132015. Before then Tower Pier is to be extended. There is a public riverside walk along the river bank opened in stages over recent years. The only section not running along the river is a short stretch at Queenhithe. The walk along Walbrook Wharf is closed to pedestrians","complete a basic control education. Originally control engineering was all about continuous systems. Development of computer control tools posed a requirement of discrete control system engineering because the communications between the computer-based digital controller and the physical system are governed by a computer clock. The equivalent to Laplace transform in","sex instruction. In the majority of the books \"penis\" was the most commonly discussed body part \u2013 mentioned more than \"clitoris\" \"vagina\" and \"uterus\" put together. They last investigated terminology used by college students ranging from Euro-American (76%/76%) Hispanic (18%/14%) and African American (4%/7%) regarding the students' beliefs about sexuality and","letter to Sen. John McCain General Powell expressed opposition to President Bush's push for military tribunals of those formerly and currently classified as enemy combatants. Specifically he objected to the effort in Congress to \"redefine Common Article 3 of the Geneva Convention.\" He also asserted: \"The world is beginning to","who Murdock would have meant by \"scholars\" at this time other than Poole Kittredge and TJ Holmes (below) and Murdock's obituary calls him a pioneer \"in the reversal of a movement among historians of American culture to discredit the Puritan and colonial period\u2026\" 1924 Thomas J. Holmes was an Englishman","and therefore that lower forgone earnings encourage rebellion. Phrased another way: young males (who make up the vast majority of combatants in civil wars) are less likely to join a rebellion if they are getting an education or have a comfortable salary and can reasonably assume that they will prosper","deep and were only off Catalina Island just to the south of La Romana on the Dominican coast. The ship is believed to be \"the remains of \"Quedagh Merchant\"\". Charles Beeker the director of Academic Diving and Underwater Science Programs in Indiana University (Bloomington)'s School of Health Physical Education and","the largest employer (15.8% of the workforce) followed by education (9.7%) and health and social work (9.3%). The report also indicates that a relatively higher proportion of residents were working in agriculture forestry and fishing accommodation and food services as well as in and professional scientific and technical activities. Unemployment","Cranberry Scare of 1959. about 65% of the North American industry belongs to the Ocean Spray cooperative. (The percentage may be slightly higher in Canada than in the U.S.) A turning point for the industry occurred on 9 November 1959 when the secretary of the United States Department of Health","that subject matter. It is based on the experience that we often have \"thought\" we understood something but only \"really\" understood it after we had to explain or teach it to someone else. Unlike almost all other educational software where the computer plays the role of the teacher this application","ages of 6 to 17\u2014this was nevertheless a fairly extensive education for a girl of the period. In 1893 she married Henry Gauthier-Villars (1859\u20131931) or 'Willy' his nom-de-plume a well-known author and publisher and her first four novels\u2014the four Claudine stories \"Claudine à l'école\" (1900) \"Claudine à Paris\" (1901) \"Claudine","faith. In Roman Catholic teaching marriage has two objectives: \u2022the good of the spouses themselves \u2022and the procreation and education of children (1983 code of canon law c.1055; 1994 catechism par.2363). Hence \"entering marriage with the intention of never having children is a grave wrong and more than likely grounds","\"Once such a die-hard Impressionist as Pissarro had turned his back on Impressionism it was apparent that Impressionism had no chance of surviving ...\" It was Pissarro's intention during this period to help \"educate the public\" by painting people at work or at home in realistic settings without idealising their lives.","panel assembled by Guzmán gave support to the initial contention. The Secretariat of Public Education (SEP) had another panel examine the bones which gave support to INAH's original finding but did not report on the finding publicly. A scholarly study of the controversy was published in 2011 and argued that","women. Choctaw chiefs saw these as strategic alliances to build stronger relationships with the Americans in a changing environment that influenced ideas of capital and property. The children of such marriages were Choctaw first and foremost. Some of the sons were educated in Anglo-American schools and became important interpreters and","Week\" and \"QI\". Anderson was educated at Stanburn Primary School and Harrow County School for Boys where his group of friends included Geoffrey Perkins and Michael Portillo. His Scottish father was manager of the Bradford & Bingley's Wembley branch. Anderson attended Selwyn College University of Cambridge where from 1974 to","Education (Scotland) Act it is only necessary to produce a register as proof of lack of attendance. No further evidence is needed. Perjury See section 13 of the Perjury Act 1911. Speeding offences See section 89(2) of the Road Traffic Regulation Act 1984. Sexual offences See section 32 of the","of Antioch and the other pro-Nestorius bishops finally reached Ephesus they assembled their own Council condemned Cyril for heresy deposed him from his see and labelled him as a \"monster born and educated for the destruction of the church\". Theodosius by now old enough to hold power by himself annulled","and the Mini-Arcade series of licensed video arcade titles such as \"Donkey Kong\" and \"Ms. Pac-Man\". A third line of educational handhelds was also produced and included the Electronic Learning Machine Lil Genius Digits and a trivia game called Quiz Wiz. Launched in 1982 their first four tabletop Mini-Arcades for","and water sector and there was also a significant reduction in the manufacturing sector. The largest growth during this period was in the other services and distribution hotels and retail sectors. Cheshire is considered to be an affluent county. However towns such as Crewe have significant deprivation. The county's proximity","NDP for this reason. In the 1997 federal election Prime Minister Jean Chrétien's Liberals endured a bitter defeat to the PCs and NDP in many ridings as a result of unpopular cuts to unemployment benefits for seasonal workers as well as closures of several Canadian Forces Bases the refusal to","cultural and religious tolerance and a focus on civil efficiency and the rule of law. Roman law was imposed on both Roman citizens and colonial subjects. Although Imperial Rome had no public education Latin spread through its use in government and trade. Roman law prohibited local leaders to wage war","convey information to the map reader efficiently taking into consideration the limited space on the map models of human understanding through visual means and the likely cultural background and education of the map reader. Symbology may be implicit using universal elements of design or may be more specific to cartography","games \"serve a limited but useful purpose\" and that the \"strength of the Channel F offering is in its excellent educational line for children.\" In 1983 after Zircon announced its discontinuation of the Channel F \"Video Games\" reviewed the console. Calling it \"the system nobody knows\" the magazine described its","cite Carl Barks as their 'major influence and inspiration'. The popularity of Barks' work in Europe is high and has been that way for years. When the news of Barks' passing was hardly covered by the press in America \"in Europe the sad news was flashed instantly across the airwaves","reservoirs including Beckton and King George VI. Before 1971 Croydon Corporation was responsible for water treatment in the borough. The borough of Croydon is 86.52 km populating approximately 340000 people. There are five fire stations within the borough; Addington (two pumping appliances) Croydon (two pumping appliances incident response unit fire rescue","the United States and VC-10 in Germany. The MAX was intended to be a game console with limited computing capability and was based on a very cut-down version of the hardware family later used in the C64. The MAX was discontinued months after its introduction because of poor sales in","instructors had them. For","economics science finances culture education the military society celebrities organisation the media age gender and race. Controversy in matters of theology has traditionally been particularly heated giving rise to the phrase \"odium theologicum\". Controversial issues are held as potentially divisive in a given society because they can lead to tension","educational activities difficult. Buying fruit picking clothing and reading traffic lights can be more challenging for example. Problems however are generally minor and most people adapt. People with total color blindness however may also have decreased visual acuity and be uncomfortable in bright environments. The most common cause of color","went to the court of Diocletian where he lived as his father's heir presumptive. Constantine received a formal education at Diocletian's court where he learned Latin literature Greek and philosophy. The cultural environment in Nicomedia was open fluid and socially mobile and Constantine could mix with intellectuals both pagan and","metaphor) in June 1990: As Barlow and the EFF continued public education efforts to promote the idea of \"digital rights\" the term was increasingly used during the Internet boom of the late 1990s. Although the present-day loose use of the term \"cyberspace\" no longer implies or suggests immersion in a","verge of victory and that the \"correlations of forces\" were in the Soviet Union's favour. The ideology professed state atheism; Party members were not allowed to be religious. Marxism\u2013Leninism believed in the feasibility of a communist mode of production. All policies were justifiable if it contributed to the Soviet Union's","tissue was removed causing permanent disfigurement. In August 2010 an eight-day-old boy was circumcised in a Florida hospital against the stated wishes of the parents. The hospital admitted that the boy was circumcised by mistake; the mother has sued the hospital and the doctor involved in the case. Before [[glasnost]]","Christianity he was an educated man who was familiar with classical Greek philosophy and literature. As his three major works demonstrate Clement was influenced by Hellenistic philosophy to a greater extent than any other Christian thinker of his time and in particular by Plato and the Stoics. His secret works","stringently adhering to the sanctity of holy texts and refusing to grant \"Wissenschaft\" any say in religious matters. On the other extreme were Rabbi Abraham Geiger who would emerge as the founding father of Reform Judaism and his supporters. They opposed any limit on critical research or its practical application","the Races E4 and More4. Partially in reaction to its new \"populist\" direction the Communications Act 2003 directed the channel to demonstrate innovation experimentation and creativity appeal to the tastes and interests of a culturally diverse society and to include programmes of an educational nature which exhibit a distinctive character.","the rescue.\" It is important to note however that modern Western historians military historians and writers essentially fall into three camps. The first those who believe Gibbon was right in his assessment that Charles saved Christianity and Western civilization by this battle as typified by Bennett Paul Davis Robert Martin","firm by which he was employed in Holloway. Educated at St Albans School Hertfordshire Williams was awarded a scholarship to University College London but he left school in 1904 without attempting to gain a degree due to an inability to pay tuition fees. No longer in college Williams began work","it was produced with a needle holing successively all needed points in a cardboard sheet. In 1892 Frank Haven Hall superintendent of the Illinois Institute for the Education of the Blind created the Hall Braille Writer which was like a typewriter with 6 keys one for each dot in a","during childhood and early adolescence which prepared them for literary vocations in adulthood. Between 1831 and 1832 Brontë continued her education at Roe Head in Mirfield where she met her lifelong friends and correspondents Ellen Nussey and Mary Taylor. In 1833 she wrote a novella \"The Green Dwarf\" using the","Honored Matres. Lampadas a center for Bene Gesserit education has been destroyed by the Honored Matres. The planet's Chancellor Reverend Mother Lucilla manages to escape carrying the shared-minds of millions of Reverend Mothers. Lucilla is forced to land on Gammu where she seeks refuge with an underground group of Jews.","ineffective by the flexibility of the gut strings used on Baroque cellos. Overall the modern instrument has much higher string tension than the Baroque cello resulting in a louder more projecting tone with fewer overtones. Few educational works specifically devoted to the cello existed before the 18th century and those","there was one of the first electrified houses ever. While serving as president of the Schenectady Board of Education Steinmetz introduced reforms including extended school hours school meals school nurses special classes for the children of immigrants and the distribution of free textbooks. Although Steinmetz loved children and family life","36.1% of Québécois can speak English. Nationally Francophones are five times more likely to speak English than Anglophones are to speak French \u2013 44% and 9% respectively. Only 3.2% of Canada's English-speaking population resides in Quebec\u2014mostly in Montreal. More Canadians know","also be found among educated speakers. Southeast Asian English comprises Singapore English Malaysian English and Brunei English; it features some influence from Malay and Chinese languages as well as Indian English. Hong Kong ceased to be part of the Commonwealth in 1997. Nonetheless the English language still enjoys status as","Sea\"\u2014that is the Pacific Ocean. Most Colonial royal grants were for long east-west strips. Connecticut took its grant seriously and established a ninth county between the Susquehanna and Delaware rivers named Westmoreland County. This resulted in the brief Pennamite Wars with Pennsylvania. Yale College was established in 1701 providing Connecticut","Be In Carolina\" immediately after home victories. A \"keep pounding\" chant was introduced during the 2015 season which starts before the opening kickoff of each home game. As prompted by the video boards one side of the stadium shouts \"keep\" and the other side replies with \"pounding\". The chant is","of voters) and a total of five Aboriginal CLP candidates won election to the Assembly. Among the indigenous candidates elected were high-profile Aboriginal activist Bess Price and former ALP member Alison Anderson. Anderson was appointed Minister for Indigenous Advancement. In a nationally reported speech in November 2012 Anderson condemned welfare","some skepticism later studies and meta-analyses likewise demonstrated statistically significant (but smaller) reductions in all-cause and cardiovascular mortality without significant heterogeneity by gender. The 1987 report of National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panels suggests the total blood cholesterol level should be: < 200 mg/dL normal blood cholesterol 200\u2013239 mg/dL borderline-high >","conquering the city from the Muslims the Portuguese started the construction of the Cathedral of St. Mary of the Assumption. The Roman Catholic Diocese of Ceuta was established two years later and in 1851 was merged into the Roman Catholic Diocese of Cadiz y Ceuta. The present cathedral dating from","science education were introduced in public schools in Louisiana Arkansas and other regions in the United States. The 1982 ruling in \"McLean v. Arkansas\" found that creation science fails to meet the essential characteristics of science and that its chief intent is to advance a particular religious view. The teaching","competent less educated less trustworthy less attractive and less employable. Some suggest that creaky voice can function as a marker of parentheticals in conversations; creaky voice may indicate that certain phrases when uttered with creaky voice contain less central information. In some languages such as Jalapa Mazatec creaky voice has","education and advocacy to improve the offer of products and services. Also consumer education has been incorporated into school curricula. There are also various non-profit publications such as \"Which?\" \"Consumer Reports\" and \"Choice Magazine\" dedicated to assist in consumer education and decision making. In India the Consumer Protection Act 1986","and water sanitation treatments government can have indirect effects on cholera control and the","whether CATV or telcos offer it. A 2017 study in \"The Journal of Human Resources\" found that","culminating in either a DC DCM BSc or MSc degree. Besides the full-time paths they also suggest a conversion program for people with other health care education and limited training programs for regions where no legislation governs chiropractic. Upon graduation there may be a requirement to pass national state or","band's bass player. Due to a poor education the young Mingus could not read musical notation quickly enough to join the local youth orchestra. This had a serious impact on his early musical experiences leaving him feeling ostracized from the classical music world. These early experiences in addition to his","education; and protection of American citizens abroad and expatriation.\" U.S. foreign policy and foreign aid have been the subject of much debate praise and criticism both domestically and abroad. Subject to the advice and consent role of the U.S. Senate the President of the United States negotiates treaties with foreign","colleges. In 1961 the New York State Legislature established the City University of New York uniting what had become seven municipal colleges at the time: the City College of New York Hunter College Brooklyn College Queens College Staten Island Community College Bronx Community College and Queensborough Community College. In 1979","work projects. A CAC Advisory Council was composed of a representative from each of the supervising departments. In addition the Office of Education and Veterans Administration participated in the program. To end the opposition from labor unions (which wanted no training programs started when so many of their men were","studies having begun in the late 1930s and continuing today (Cornelius-White 2007). Rogers described the approach to education in \"Client-Centered Therapy\" and wrote \"Freedom to Learn\" devoted exclusively to the subject in 1969. \"Freedom to Learn\" was revised two times. The new Learner-Centered Model is similar in many regards to","leader of an unofficial union of professional workers was sentenced to seven years in a labor camp early in the year for speaking out on discrimination practiced against Jews in education and the professions. Although Chernenko had called for renewed \"détente\" with the West little progress was made towards closing","C. Connelly (1832\u20131912). He was active in the Northern Baptist church a Mainline Protestant denomination. Hughes's early education included attending Lafayette School in Newark New Jersey and the Thirteenth Street School in New York City. At the age of 14 he enrolled at Madison University (now Colgate University) where he","and Oxford England where he began his education in the sciences. He moved from England to the United States in 1958 to study at Harvard University and Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He moved to Berkeley California in 1963 to accept an appointment as Professor of Architecture a position he would","15 countries. Also several charitable organisations have been formed to preserve the Caribbean marine life such as \"Caribbean Conservation Corporation\" which seeks to study and protect sea turtles while educating others about them. In connection with the foregoing the Institute of Marine Sciences and Limnology of the National Autonomous University","lifespan as low as 85 flight hours; on 21 July 1966 all CH-46s were grounded until more efficient filters had been fitted. By the end of US military operations in Vietnam over a hundred Sea Knights had been lost to enemy fire. In February 1968 the Marine Corps Development and","He was educated at Dovedale Primary School Quarry Bank High School and the University of Liverpool where he studied English and Philosophy. When he was three years old Barker witnessed the French skydiver Léo Valentin plummet to his death during a performance at an air show in Liverpool. Barker would","of the Revolution in the State of California. General Krulak attracted some attention during his tenure as Commandant by his custom of delivering Christmas cookies to each Marine duty post in the Washington area. Krulak joined MBNA America in September 1999 as chief administrative officer responsible for personnel benefits compensation","in the planning. At the primary school level Corsican is taught up to a fixed number of hours per week (three in the year 2000) and is a voluntary subject at the secondary school level but is required at the University of Corsica. It is available through adult education. It","he later switched to biomedical research. Venter began his college education at a community college College of San Mateo in California and later transferred to the University of California San Diego where he studied under biochemist Nathan O. Kaplan. He received a BS in biochemistry in 1972 and a PhD","\"in the head\" with some curricula restricting calculator use until a certain level of proficiency has been obtained while others concentrate more on teaching estimation methods and problem-solving. Research","into objects of wonder. As science revealed them to be intelligent and peaceful animals. Hunting was replaced by whale and dolphin tourism. This change is reflected in films and novels. For example the protagonist of the series Flipper was a bottle-nose dolphin. The TV series SeaQuest DSV (1993\u20131996) the movies","closely with Theodor Geisel better known as Dr. Seuss to create the \"Private Snafu\" series of Army educational cartoons (the character was created by director Frank Capra). Jones later collaborated with Seuss on animated adaptations of Seuss' books including \"How the Grinch Stole Christmas!\" in 1966. Jones directed such shorts","Pizan was able to pursue her intellectual interests. She successfully educated herself by immersing herself in languages in the rediscovered classics and humanism of the early Renaissance and in Charles V's royal archive that housed a vast number of manuscripts. But she did not assert her intellectual abilities or establish","Memory Yet Green\" and \"I. Asimov: A Memoir\" all give descriptions of Kornbluth as a man of odd personal habits and eccentricities. Kornbluth for example decided to educate himself by reading his way through an entire encyclopedia from A to Z; in the course of this effort he acquired a","of structural linguistics. Hockett continued his education at Yale University where he studied anthropology and linguistics and received his PhD in anthropology in 1939. While studying at Yale Hockett studied with several other influential linguists such as Edward Sapir George P. Murdock and Benjamin Whorf. Hockett's dissertation was based on","universal: the devotion of two people who love each other through thick and thin complicated in this case by the wayward personality of the man who cannot fulfill the responsibilities he has assumed.  ... Billy is a bum but \"Carousel\" recognizes the decency of his motives and admires his independence.","reserved parking spot. At semi-annual meetings turnout was high as any employee could ask questions to senior managers. In 1987 company co-founder Bill Murto resigned to study at a religious education program at the University of St. Thomas. Murto had helped to organize the company's marketing and authorized-dealer distribution strategy","isolated cases of female Cathars leaving their homes to spread the faith. In Cathar communal homes (ostals) women were educated in the faith and these women would go on to bear children who would then also become believers. Through this pattern the faith grew exponentially through the efforts of women","years of age. He was then educated under the care of his uncle the Reverend Daniel Maclaurin minister of Kilfinan. At eleven Maclaurin entered the University of Glasgow. He graduated MA three years later by defending a thesis on \"the Power of Gravity\" and remained at Glasgow to study divinity","do in 45 years! It was truly alarming that the Sandinistas were intent on providing the very services that establish a government's political and moral legitimacy. The government's program included increased wages subsidized food prices and expanded health welfare and education services. And though it nationalized Somoza's former properties it","§ 82.2 goes on to state that: \"(b) The prohibition contained in § 82.1 against the treatment of 5-cent coins and one-cent coins shall not apply to the treatment of these coins for educational amusement novelty jewelry and similar purposes as long as the volumes treated and the nature of the treatment","and sworn in as president succeeding Vernon Shaw. On January 6 2004 Prime Minister Pierre Charles who had been suffering from heart problems since 2003 died. He became the second","are often stateless and denied services as their parents are denied Dominican nationality being deemed transient residents due to their illegal or undocumented status; the children though often eligible for Haitian nationality are denied it by Haiti because of a lack of proper documents or witnesses. The first of three","of standard Italian among less educated Italian men as these men from various regions with various regional languages were forced to communicate with each other in a common tongue while serving in the Italian military. With the eventual spread of the radio and television throughout Italy and the establishment of","economic hub. It is located within commuting distance of both Philadelphia and Baltimore. All regions of Delaware are enjoying phenomenal growth with Dover and the beach resorts expanding at a rapid rate. Ranked by per capita income Delaware was the origin of \"Belton v. Gebhart\" one of the four cases","education level health economic status religious affiliations and other aspects of the population. Djibouti is a multiethnic country. As of it has a population of around inhabitants. Djibouti's population grew rapidly during the latter half of the 20th century increasing from about 62000 in 1950 to 889000 by 2010. The","and \u201cbefore independence = after independence\u201d. When the Belgians left most of the government officials and educated residents left with them. Before independence there were just 3 out of 5000 government jobs held by Congolese people. The resulting loss of institutional knowledge and human capital crippled the government. After the","health care and education. Secondarily remittances have financed small businesses and other productive activities. The Dominican Republic\u2019s most important trading partner is the United States (about 40% of total commercial exchange). Other major trade partners are the People\u2019s Republic of China (despite they don't have diplomatic ties as the DR","usually complete at least four years of postgraduate study; within the European Union the education has to be at least five years. Dentists usually complete between five and eight years of post-secondary education before practising. Though not mandatory many dentists choose to complete an internship or residency focusing on specific","I'm a Democrat now. And I've always been a Democrat really. But I don't like the Democrats a lot either because I'm a smoker and I think a lot of the Democrats have come up with these rules for non-smoking.\" He endorsed the center-left Natural Law Party in the 2000","education level health of the populace economic status religious affiliations and other aspects of the population. As many as 250 ethnic groups have been distinguished and named. The most numerous people are the Luba Mongo and Bakongo. Although 700 local languages and dialects are spoken the linguistic variety is bridged","than that of the Ministry of Social Affairs (~110 billion DKK) Ministry of Employment (~67 billion DKK) Ministry of the Interior and Health (~66 billion DKK) and Ministry of Education (~30 billion DKK) and only slightly larger than that of the Ministry of Science Technology and Innovation (~14 billion DKK).","most issues most of the time they have no clear views or their views are not well-founded. Joseph Schumpeter articulated this view most famously in his book \"Capitalism Socialism and Democracy\". Contemporary proponents of minimalism include William H. Riker Adam Przeworski Richard Posner. According to the theory of direct democracy","involving the U.S.'s early history based on their memory of their compulsory education and using the more legendary aspects of history such as George Washington cutting down a cherry tree to appeal to international audiences. To complete the elements Grossman researched the period to maintain historical accuracy visiting libraries and","for education as a Buddhist monk. Narthang ran the largest printing press in Tibet and its celebrated library attracted scholars and adepts from far and wide so Pema Dorje received an education beyond the norm at the time as well as exposure to diverse spiritual schools and ideas. He studied","about education originated by Alfred Korzybski which received much attention in the science fiction world in the 1940s)\u2014a claim denied by scholars of General Semantics including S. I. Hayakawa who expressed strong criticism of Dianetics as early as 1951. Hubbard claimed that Dianetics could increase intelligence eliminate unwanted emotions and","in the sorrow and anxiety depicted in a tragedy. He argued that this was because the spectator is aware that he is witnessing a dramatic performance. There is pleasure in realising that the terrible events that are being shown are actually fiction. Furthermore Hume laid down rules for educating people","education level health of the populace economic status religious affiliations and other aspects of the population. According to 2017 figures from Statistics Denmark 86.9% of Denmark\u2019s population of over 5760694 was of Danish descent defined as having at least one parent who was born in Denmark and has Danish citizenship.","a health education manual entitled \"Naturall and artificial Directions for Health\" which was written by William Vaughan. In his \"A History of Dessert\" (2013) Michael Krondl explains it refers to the fact dessert was served after the table had been cleared of other dishes. The term dates from the 14th","in places where deforestation and desertification are contributing to extreme poverty. There they focus primarily on educating the local population about the dangers of deforestation and sometimes employ them to grow seedlings which they transfer to severely deforested areas during the rainy season. The Food and Agriculture Organization of the","ligament stretching while OT can provide education on energy conservation strategies and moderate aerobic exercise in activities of daily living. Physical therapy should be involved in designing an exercise program that fits a person's personal strengths and flexibility. Bracing can also be used to correct problems caused by CMT. An","Senate in 1962. The family received intense publicity during John's term as President often emphasizing their relative youth allure education and future in politics. The family suffered many losses and incidents which contributed to the idea of the \"Kennedy curse\". Rosemary underwent a lobotomy which left her incapacitated. John and","brothers were educated privately under Swedish and Russian tutors. At age 17 Alfred was sent abroad for two years; in the United States he met Swedish engineer John Ericsson and in France studied under famed chemist Théophile-Jules Pelouze who had first synthesized nitroglycerin in 1847 with his Italian pupil Ascanio","and feeling. Dance studies are offered through the arts and humanities programs of many higher education institutions. Some universities offer Bachelor of Arts and higher academic degrees in Dance. A dance study curriculum may encompass a diverse range of courses and topics including dance practice and performance choreography ethnochoreology kinesiology","education level health of the populace economic status religious affiliations and other aspects of the population. According to the total population was in compared to 2380000 in 1950. The proportion of the population aged below 15 in 2010 was 31.2% 62.8% were aged between 15 and 65 years of age","that were seen by their national governments as legitimate counter-propaganda to the psychological warfare of Nazi Germany (orchestrated by Joseph Goebbels). In Britain a number of different filmmakers came together under John Grierson. They became known as the Documentary Film Movement. Grierson Alberto Cavalcanti Harry Watt Basil Wright and Humphrey","do not give an attack any advantage. DES has also been proved not to be a group or more precisely the set formula_14 (for all possible keys formula_15) under functional composition is not a group nor \"close\" to being a group. This was an open question for some time and","billeted in San Francisco charged the closing gates of the fort at nightfall with a dozen Marines. Eight were shot down; the others including Williams forced their way in and seized the old structure. Another Marine detachment seized the police station. Reinforcements from nearby detachments soon suppressed the uprising. The","on his school's swim team. After high school he attended Chester Adult School in Compton following his mother's demands for him to get a job or continue his education. After brief attendance at a radio broadcasting school he relocated to the residence of his father and residence of his grandparents","In 2006 Parton published a cookbook \"Dolly's Dixie Fixin's: Love Laughter and Lots of Good Food.\" The Dollywood Foundation funded from Parton's net profits has been noted for bringing jobs and tax revenues to a previously depressed region. Parton also has worked to raise money on behalf of several other","workshops standards liaison and educational efforts to promote widespread acceptance of metadata standards and practices. In 2008 DCMI separated from OCLC and incorporated as an independent entity. Currently any and all changes that are made to the Dublin Core standard are reviewed by a DCMI Usage Board within the context","Royal Society (FRS) in 2008. Deutsch is","of one's teacher. Second observing the behavior and example of good people. The third source applies when neither one's education nor example exemplary conduct is known. In this case \"atmatusti\" is the source of dharma in Hinduism that is the good person reflects and follows what satisfies his heart his","Frente Faction. In 2010 several liberal congressmen raised accusations about the FSLN presumably attempting to buy votes to pass constitutional reforms that would allow Ortega to run for office for the 6th time since 1984. Soon after his inauguration Ortega paid an official visit to Iran and met Iranian President","a Barrister-at-Law degree (B.L.) has first been conferred. The Honorable Society of King's Inns is the only educational establishment which runs vocational courses for barristers in the Republic and degrees of Barrister-at-Law can only be conferred by King's Inns. King's Inns are also the only body with the capacity to","in San Sebastián. Bayonne has twinning associations with: In 2012 the commune had 45855 inhabitants. The evolution of the number of inhabitants is known from the population censuses conducted in the commune since 1793. From the 21st century a census of communes with fewer than 10000 inhabitants is held every","such as Australia are recognizing and moving to correct deficiencies in their BME education. Also as high technology endeavors are usually marks of developed nations some areas of the world are prone to slower development in education including in BME. Engineering licensure in the US is largely optional and rarely","a month-long mission to the Middle East for further discussions with the Sherif of Mecca and other Arab leaders. On 3 April 1917 Sykes met with Lloyd George Curzon and Hankey to receive his instructions in this regard namely to keep the French onside while \"not prejudicing the Zionist movement","Guardian\". The teaching machine was a mechanical device whose purpose was to administer a curriculum of programmed learning. The machine embodies key elements of Skinner\u2019s theory of learning and had important implications for education in general and classroom instruction in particular. In one incarnation the machine was a box that","his 1980 Senate reelection campaign Goldwater won support from religious conservatives but in his final term voted consistently to uphold legalized abortion and in 1981 gave a speech on how he was angry about the bullying of American politicians by religious organizations and would \"fight them every step of the","about the secularization of higher education and the influence of religious liberalism in denominational colleges. Children of church members were attending college only to reject the faith of their parents. Jones later recalled that in 1924 his friend William Jennings Bryan had leaned over to him at a Bible conference","four stories high and has an area of 36000 m. Four other adjacent buildings are also part of the complex. The Portuguese language is the official national language and the primary language taught in schools. English and Spanish are also part of the official curriculum. The city has six international schools:","the Berber Latin alphabet in Berber language education at public schools while Tifinagh is mostly used for artistic symbolism. Mali and Niger recognise a Tuareg-Berber Latin alphabet customised to the Tuareg phonological system. However traditional Tifinagh is still used in those countries. There is a cultural and political movement among","East Cornwall. It received the go-ahead in February 2016 funded as a Free School. Its aim is to \"provide the outstanding Truro and Penwith College experience for up to 1280 young people in Bodmin and North and East Cornwall.\" Aspirant National Service Sergeant Instructors of the Royal Army Education Corps","poverty line with blacks and other people of color accounting for 70 percent of the poor. In 2015 United States African Americans including multiracial people earned 76.8% as much as white people. By contrast black and mixed race Brazilians earned on average 58% as much as whites in 2014. Some","Rauchbier and is home to nine breweries Brauerei Fässla Brauerei Greifenklau Brauerei Heller-Trum (Schlenkerla) Brauerei Kaiserdom Keesmann Bräu Klosterbräu Mahrs Bräu and Brauerei Spezial and one brewpub Ambräusianum. Every August there is a five-day \"\" a kirmess celebrated with beers. The University of Bamberg named Otto-Friedrich University offers higher education","talked about Volkswagen winning the best resale value award in 2008 Max replied \"At least one of us is winning a title this year.\" This prompted Knight to throw his chair off the stage and walk out saying \"I may not be retired.\" Knight also made an appearance in a","general growth rather than self-cultivation. An \"Erziehungsroman\" (\"education novel\") focuses on training and formal schooling while a \"Künstlerroman\" (\"artist novel\") is about the development of an artist and shows a growth of the self. Furthermore some memoirs and published journals can be regarded as \"Bildungsroman\" although being predominantly factual (an","the cults venerating children supposedly killed by Jews has varied over time. The Papacy generally opposed them although it had problems in enforcing its opposition. In 1911 the \"Dictionnaire apologétique de la foi catholique\" an important French Catholic encyclopedia published an analysis of the blood libel accusations. This may be","University Conference (SUC) and private industry. Basel also hosts several academies of the \"Fachhochschule Nordwestschweiz|Fachhochschule NW (FHNW)\": the FHNW Academy of Art and Design FHNW Academy of Music and the FHNW School of Business. Basel is renowned for various scientific societies such as the Entomological Society of Basel (Entomologische Gesellschaft","at the college Fulcher received a multi-disciplinary education that included training in cardboard design display and packaging skills that would be utilised later in his record sleeve work. After leaving college in 1963 Fulcher worked as an assistant at the design company Michael Tucker + Associates in London. Its clients","The most prominent example of this style is the Victoria Memorial Kolkata. In the 1950s Muzharul Islam pioneered the modernist terracotta style of architecture in South Asia. This was followed by the design of the Jatiyo Sangshad Bhaban by the renowned American architect Louis Kahn in the 1960s which was","colleges liked the way Bliss had organized the subject areas on teaching and education. By the mid-1950s the system was being used in at least sixty British libraries and in a hundred by the 1970s The Bliss Classification system has been found to be successful in academic specialty government and","debt advice a supervised rehabilitation period financial education and social help to find sources of income and to improve the management of household expenditures must be equally provided during this period of rehabilitation (Refiner \"et al.\" 2003; Gerhardt 2009; Frade 2010). In most EU Member States debt discharge is conditioned","name a few. It is integral to the success of an organization that ethics issues such as these be properly addressed and resolved. Businesses should strive to educate themselves on these issues and ethical practices in general. From a 2009 National Business Ethics survey it was found that types of","of edition 20 was John P. Comaromi. Joan Mitchell was editor until 2013 covering editions 21 to 23. the Editor-in-Chief is Michael Panzer of OCLC. Dewey himself held copyright in editions 1 to 6 (1876\u20131919). Copyright in editions 7\u201310 was held by the publisher The Library Bureau. On the death","The Positive Deism movement began in 2004. Historically and to the present day deists have been very critical of the revealed religions as well as trying to be constructive. Positive Deists focus their efforts solely on being constructive and avoid criticism of other faiths. In 2009 Chuck Clendenen one of","of superiority. Educating students has been suggested by experts to be one of the ways to counter doublespeak. Educating students in the English language is important to help them identify how doublespeak is being used to mislead and conceal information. Charles Weingartner one of the founding members of the NCTE","in the years following the American Civil War. Because intellectual and religious freedom are important values for the Disciples of Christ the colleges universities and seminaries founded by its congregations do not seek to indoctrinate students or faculty with a sectarian point of view. In the 21st century the relationship","and may refuse to allow specific ones usually based on financial reasons. The Denver Department of Safety oversees three branches: the Denver Police Department Denver Fire Department and Denver Sheriff Department. The Denver County Court is an integrated Colorado County Court and Municipal Court and is managed by Denver instead","1997 to assist the executives and editors that comprised the Seybold Institute in ensuring \"the highest quality and topicality\" in their educational program the Seybold Seminars; the honour was bestowed for his \"pioneering work in web-based publishing systems.\" Keen to enter the \"competitive arena of high-end Web development\" Winer then","received a GOLD rating from AASHE STARS (Version 2.0). In 2009 the university signed the University and College Presidents\u2019 Climate Change Statement of Action for Canada to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases. Dalhousie is also a signatory of UNEP's International Declaration on Cleaner Production. In 1999 the university signed the","is why and how boys have come to love things technical how boys have historically been socialized as technophiles.\" Lucy Green has focused on gender in relation to musical performers and creators and specifically on educational frameworks as they relate to both. She suggests that women's alienation from \"areas that","The affected district lay in ruins for decades. It was the most costly riot in the United States. On August 18 1970 the NAACP filed suit against Michigan state officials including Governor William Milliken charging \"de facto\" public school segregation. The NAACP argued that although schools were not legally segregated","educational services helping the director with rehearsals and serving as elucidator of history or spokesperson for deceased or otherwise absent playwrights or composers. At larger theatres or opera houses the dramaturge works on the historical and cultural research into the play or opera and its setting. In theatre companies a","Telegraph\" and \"the quintessential eighties techno-pop band\" according to \"Rolling Stone\" and AllMusic. Depeche Mode were ranked No. 2 on Electronic Music Realm's list of The 100 Greatest Artists of Electronic Music ranked No. 158 on Acclaimed Music's list of Top 1000 Artists of All Time and \"Q\" Magazine included","appearances the Flavians enjoyed high imperial favour throughout the 40s and 60s. While Titus received a court education in the company of Britannicus Vespasian pursued a successful political and military career. Following a prolonged period of retirement during the 50s he returned to public office under Nero serving as proconsul","public face of higher education in Scotland acting as Principal of the University of St Andrews and then Edinburgh between 1837 and 1868. Brewster also edited the 18-volume \"Edinburgh Encyclopædia\". David Brewster was born at the Canongate in Jedburgh Roxburghshire to Margaret Key (1753\u20131790) and James Brewster (c. 1735\u20131815) the","city centre. Users must make a subscription for either an annual Long Term Hire Card or purchase a three-day ticket. As of 2011 Dublinbikes had over 58000 subscribers and had plans to expand the service across the city and suburbs to provide for up to 5000 bicycles and approximately 300","recruitment of mercenary soldiers beginning around 1815 and resettlement after retirement in the British Isles and southeast Asia. The third wave began in the 1970s as land shortages intensified and the pool of educated labor greatly exceeded job openings in Nepal. Job-related emigration created Nepalese enclaves in India the wealthier","This effectively locked it out of the then-blooming educational market. As a result of these limitations the Dragon was not a commercial success and Dragon Data collapsed in June 1984. It was acquired by the Spanish company Eurohard S.A. filing for bankruptcy in 1987. In the United States it was","by percussionist Ian Cleworth and Riley Lee a former Ondekoza member and has been performing in Australia since 1997. They are known for their work in generating interest in performing taiko among Australian audiences such as by developing a complete education program with both formal and informal classes and have","part of Lexington Kentucky. He was educated at Transylvania University in Lexington where his classmates included five future Democratic senators (Solomon Downs of Louisiana Jesse Bright of Indiana George W. Jones of Iowa Edward Hannegan of Indiana and Jefferson Davis of Mississippi). Atchison was admitted to the Kentucky bar in","in the city centre and free wifi hotspots","the architects of the flexible response doctrine that while superficially resembling MAD allowed for responding to a limited nuclear strike with a proportional or calibrated return of fire (see \"On Escalation\"). Kahn would educate Kubrick on the concept of the semi-realistic \"Cobalt-Thorium G\" doomsday machine and Kubrick then used the","which directs areas of common interest such as theological education ministry training and ecumenical co-operation. The PKN has four different types of congregations: Lutherans are a minority (about 1 percent) of the PKN's membership. To ensure that Lutherans are represented in the Church the Lutheran congregations have their own synod.","Tao Te Ching more accessible to modern English-speaking readers by typically employing more familiar cultural and temporal references. The \"Tao Te Ching\" is written in Classical Chinese which can be difficult to understand completely. Classical Chinese relies heavily on allusion to a corpus of standard literary works to convey semantic","education law and medicine are all centrally concerned with the process of design.\" A design approach is a general philosophy that may or may not include a guide for specific methods. Some are to guide the overall goal of the design. Other approaches are to guide the tendencies of the","E. Lukens (Republican Ohio). Frank Kameny arranged his first internship which was in the summer of 1966. In New York Donaldson funded \"his education by working as a hustler first at the infamous intersection of Fifty-third Street and Third Avenue then as a call boy through a house. He claimed","psychiatry can only advance if diagnosis is reliable. If clinicians and researchers frequently disagree about the diagnosis of a patient then research into the causes and effective treatments of those disorders cannot advance. Hence diagnostic reliability was a major concern of DSM-III. When the diagnostic reliability problem was thought to","letter dated November 6 and per the stamp on the letter Bush saw it on Election Day November 7. In the elections the House and the Senate shifted to Democratic control. After the elections on November 8 Bush announced Rumsfeld would resign his position as Secretary of Defense. Many Republicans","organizations meetings materials and other programs and activities. The church operates a Church Educational System which includes Brigham Young University (BYU) (and its associated Jerusalem Center) BYU\u2013Idaho BYU\u2013Hawaii and LDS Business College. The church also operates Institutes of Religion near the campuses of many colleges and universities. For high-school aged","describes her education and experiences as she grows up. All the books are written in first-person with the first three having Claudine herself as the narrator. The last in the series \"Claudine s'en va\" introduces a new narrator Annie. The novels were written in the late 19th century in collaboration","Military Academy Woolwich) coupled with the demands of the Industrial Revolution spawned new engineering education initiatives: the Royal Polytechnic Institution was founded in 1838 the private College for Civil Engineers in Putney was established in 1839 and the UK's first Chair of Engineering was established at the University of Glasgow","Historically in the LDS Church's Sunday School and Church Educational System (CES) classes the standard works have been studied and taught in a four-year rotation: However church leaders have emphasized that Latter-day Saints should not restrict their study of the standard works to the particular book being currently studied in","Lamanite group in the \"Book of Mormon\". In 1947 the church began the Indian Placement Program where Native American students (upon request by their parents) were voluntarily placed in white Latter-day Saint foster homes during the school year where they would attend public schools and become assimilated into Mormon culture.","of metalwork and construction . Its inhabitants have the highest education level of the region and the city is famous for being the starting point and focus of the region and the country's development as the first city in the country with the use of phones public lighting air mail","Johnston resumed his duties as premier and Tupper again became provincial secretary. As a further sign of the Conservatives' commitment to non-sectarianism in 1863 after a 20-year hiatus Dalhousie College was re-opened as a non-denominational institution of higher learning. Johnston retired from politics in May 1864 when he was appointed","seventeenth and eighteenth centuries such as Mozart Beethoven and Schumann were still educated in the style of \"strict\" counterpoint but in practice they would look for ways to expand on the traditional concepts of the subject. Main features of free counterpoint: Linear counterpoint is \"a purely horizontal technique in which","Mayo was 114215 Roman Catholics 2476 Church of Ireland 733 Muslims 409 other Christians 280 Presbyterians 250 Orthodox Christians 204 Methodists 853 other stated religions 3267 no religion and 1152 no stated religion. 9% of the population of County Mayo live in the Gaeltacht. The Gaeltacht Irish-speaking region in County","have participated in scientific research. Some have concentrated their studies on the very small universe of atoms and molecules. Nobel laureate Carl D. Anderson (BS 1927 PhD 1930) proved the existence of positrons and muons Nobel laureate Edwin McMillan (BS 1928 MS 1929) synthesized the first transuranium element Nobel laureate","farming land into use that had previously been considered unfit for farming purposes. In 1946 the National Agricultural Advisory Service was set up to supply agricultural advice and information. The Hill Farming Act of 1946 introduced for upland areas a system of grants for buildings land improvement and infrastructural improvements","Norse and Norman French preponderant at different times. Welsh was the majority language in Cardiff from the 13th century until the city's explosive growth in the Victorian era. As late as 1850 five of the 12 Anglican churches within the current city boundaries conducted their services exclusively in the Welsh","States (OAS) Permanent Court of Arbitration Rio Group United Nations (UN) UN Conference on Trade and Development UN Educational Scientific and Cultural Organization UN Industrial Development Organization UN Office of the High Commissioner for Refugees Universal Postal Union World Confederation of Labour World Federation of Trade Unions World Health Organization","with his mother to London where he was educated at Alleyn's School and Dulwich College south London. He began to study medicine at Guy's Hospital London but left without completing his degree. Forester had always worn glasses and been of thin physique. Trying to enlist in the army he failed","in Colombia. Colombia is also Latin America's 3rd largest producer of appliances behind Mexico and Brazil and is growing rapidly. Colombia is a major producer of electronics in Latin America and is South America's 2nd largest high-tech market. Colombia is also the 2nd largest producer and exporter of electronics made","the Conservative Party sought strong centralized government alliance with the Roman Catholic Church and a limited franchise. Santander's followers forerunners of the Liberals wanted a decentralized government state rather than church control over education and other civil matters and a broadened suffrage. Throughout the 19th and early 20th centuries each","Charlton was a freelance reporter at Doctors' Commons and Dickens was able to share his box there to report the legal proceedings for nearly four years. This education was to inform works such as \"Nicholas Nickleby\" \"Dombey and Son\" and especially \"Bleak House\"\u2014whose vivid portrayal of the machinations and bureaucracy","The People's Republic founded in 1949 retained this standard calling it \"pǔtōnghuà\" (/ \"common speech\"). The national language is now used in education the media and formal situations in both Mainland China and Taiwan. In Hong Kong and Macau because of their colonial and linguistic history the language used in","Congressional seats as a result of the 2010 Census which affects Cleveland's districts in the northeast part of the state. Between about 1935 to 1938 the Cleveland Torso Murderer killed and dismembered at least a dozen and perhaps twenty people in the area. No arrest was ever made. From 2002","moral) who are difficult to cultivate or interact with. Further analysis suggests however that women's place in Confucian society may be more complex. During the Han dynasty period the influential Confucian text Lessons for Women (Nüjie) was written by Ban Zhao (45\u2013114 CE) to instruct her daughters how to be","Bikeability. Education for adult cyclists is available from organizations such as the League of American Bicyclists. Beyond simply riding another skill is riding efficiently and safely in traffic. One popular approach to riding in motor vehicle traffic is vehicular cycling occupying road space as car does. Alternately in countries such","educational psychology social psychology personality psychology abnormal psychology developmental psychology and economics. Philosophically ruminations of the human mind and its processes have been around since the times of the ancient Greeks. In 387 BCE Plato is known to have suggested that the brain was the seat of the mental processes.","States. Other terms sometimes used for this condition are \"hardening of the arteries\" and \"narrowing of the arteries\". In Latin it is known as \"morbus ischaemicus cordis\" (\"MIC\"). The Infarct Combat Project (ICP) is an international nonprofit organization founded in 1998 which tries to decrease ischemic heart diseases through education","painters. It holds an annual convention mainly in the United States. Clowns of America International Inc. (COAI) is a Minnesota-based nonprofit clown arts membership organization which aims \"to share educate and act as a gathering place for serious minded amateurs semiprofessionals and professional clowns\". In the circus a clown might","determined by education and character rather than ancestry wealth or friendship. Confucianism was and continues to be a major influence in Chinese culture the state of China and the surrounding areas of East Asia. Before the Han dynasty the largest rivals to Confucianism were Chinese Legalism and Mohism. Confucianism largely","West Derby Comprehensive School followed by Childwall Hall College of Further Education studying A-levels in History Government and Politics English Literature and General Studies. Charles won a national competition run by \"The Guardian\" newspaper for a poem he wrote when he was 12 years old. On leaving school Charles spent","media sites such as Facebook or in a café run as a community project. Additionally the church's own statistics reveal that 9.7 million people visit an Anglican church every year and 1 million students are educated at Anglican schools. In 2015 the Church of England admitted that it was embarrassed","separate body from the European Union. It is not controlled by it. Cooperation between the European Union and the Council of Europe has recently been reinforced notably on culture and education as well as on the international enforcement of justice and Human Rights. The European Union is expected to accede","decreased seating capacity from 47098 to 40615. 2005 also saw the introduction of the Scout Seats redesignating (and re-upholstering) 200 lower deck seats behind home plate as an exclusive area with seat-side waitstaff and a complete restaurant located underneath the concourse. The most significant structural addition besides the new roof","necessary for filming a role within a very brief time and to a level that amazes the professionals who train them. Similarly some celebrities with very little formal education can sometimes be portrayed as experts on complicated issues. Some celebrities have been very vocal with their political views. For example","had their first child Kong Li (孔鯉). Qiguan and Confucius would later have two daughters together one of whom is thought to have died as a child. Confucius was educated at schools for commoners where he studied and learned the Six Arts. Confucius was born into the class of \"shi\"","still illegal in name. In 1937 Bimba founded the school \"Centro de Cultura Física e Luta Regional\" with permission from Salvador's Secretary of Education (\"Secretaria da Educação Saúde e Assistência de Salvador\"). His work was very well received and he taught capoeira to the cultural elite of the city. By","after which he returned to his native city and began practicing. Educated as a lawyer and holding lucrative positions as secretary and counsellor he seemed indeed at one time to have settled down to the practice of law but following an unexpected summons to Venice after an absence of several","contract or journalistic commission was just around the corner. Baudelaire was educated in Lyon where he boarded. At fourteen he was described by a classmate as \"much more refined and distinguished than any of our fellow pupils ... we are bound to one another ... by shared tastes and sympathies","75 or older. Another depression study found a neutral effect compared to personal social and health education and usual school provision and included a comment on potential for increased depression scores from people who have received CBT due to greater self recognition and acknowledgement of existing symptoms of depression and","Further Education colleges or TAFEs; these are institutions mostly regulated at state and territory level. There are also an increasing number of private providers which are colloquially called \"colleges\". TAFEs and other providers carry on the tradition of adult education which was established in Australia around the mid 19th century","courts of law until 1989 and in legislation until 1996. 80.4% of Cypriots are proficient in the English language as a second language.<ref name=\"eurostat 49/2010\"><\/ref> Russian is widely spoken among the country's minorities residents and citizens of post-Soviet countries and Pontic Greeks. Russian after English and Greek is the third","universities the U.S. also has a system of government funded public universities. Many were founded under the Morrill Land-Grant Colleges Act of 1862. A movement had arisen to bring a form of more practical higher education to the masses as \"...many politicians and educators wanted to make it possible for","98.2% of the population are Christians of various denominations. 94.8% of the population are Christian Orthodox 0.9% Armenians and Maronites 1.5% Roman Catholics (\"Latins\") 1.0% Church of England and 0.6% Muslims. The remaining 1.3% adhere to other religious denominations or did not state their religion. Cyprus is also the home","Croatians claim knowledge of at least one foreign language. According to a survey ordered by the European commission in 2005 49% of Croatians speak English as their second language 34% speak German and 14% speak Italian. French and Russian are spoken by 4% each and 2% of Croatians speak Spanish.","of a design to make those books readily accessible. He suggested that the building equipment and maintenance of the public library ought to be the responsibility of the Municipality rather than the Government. T. P. F. McNeice the then President of the Singapore City Council as well as leading educationists","high proportion of civilians affected by World War II after the German invasion attracted many volunteers for what was termed \"The Great Patriotic War\". Medical doctors of both sexes could and would be conscripted (as officers). Also the free Soviet university education system required Department of Chemistry students of both","and many others made of corn are the most representative of its indigenous inhabitants and similar to other neighboring Mesoamerican countries. Spaniards brought many new ingredients to the country from other lands especially spices and domestic animals. And later in the 19th century the African flavor lent its presence with","complexity requiring an education with a chemistry degree are commonly referred to as \"chemical technicians\". Such technicians commonly do such work as simpler routine analyses for quality control or in clinical laboratories having an associate degree. A Chemical Technologists has more education and/or experience than a chemical technician but less","Palau Uzbekistan Albania and Romania\". In 2011 \"The new economic reforms were introduced effectively creating a new economic system referred by some as the \"New Cuban Economy\" Since then over four hundred thousand Cubans have signed up to be entrepreneurs. As of 2012 the government lists 181 official jobs no","mixed blood populations are far less than in other Latin American countries. Exceptions are Guanacaste where almost half the population is visibly mestizo a legacy of the more pervasive unions between Spanish colonists and Chorotega Amerindians through several generations and Limón where the vast majority of the Afro-Costa Rican community","emitter and each microgram of fresh californium produces 139 million neutrons per minute. This property makes californium useful as a neutron startup source for some nuclear reactors and as a portable (non-reactor based) neutron source for neutron activation analysis to detect trace amounts of elements in samples. Neutrons from californium","1979 which resulted in cognitive science becoming an internationally visible enterprise. In 1972 Hampshire College started the first undergraduate education program in Cognitive Science led by Neil Stillings. In 1982 with assistance from Professor Stillings Vassar College became the first institution in the world to grant an undergraduate degree in","taxi company from premises in Scotgate Stamford. Colin was educated at St. John's Infants School Bluecoat Junior School from which he gained a scholarship to Stamford School a boys' public school where one of his contemporaries was the England international cricket captain and England international rugby player M. J. K.","community development block grants targeted education funds and so forth. In the 2000s the business sector began to contract with government and also consult on government policies and has shifted the framework of community services to the for-profit domains. However by the 1990s the call was to return to community","itself. Since 2003 Croatian foreign policy has focused on achieving the strategic goal of becoming a member state of the European Union (EU). In December 2011 Croatia completed the EU accession negotiations and signed an EU accession treaty on 9 December 2011. Croatia joined the European Union on 1 July","and education in technology natural science architecture maritime and other management areas. The University was founded in 1829 following a donation by William Chalmers a director of the Swedish East India Company. He donated part of his fortune for the establishment of an \"industrial school\". Chalmers was run as a","is dedicated to security education and culture. Costa Rica maintains Police Guard forces. The museum \"Museo Nacional de Costa Rica\" was placed in the \"Cuartel Bellavista\" as a symbol of commitment to culture. In 1986 President Oscar Arias Sánchez declared December 1 as the \"Día de la Abolición del Ejército\"","the newfounded Ministry of Education. By 1967 when a military junta had seized power in Greece the political impetus for enosis had faded partly as a result of the non-aligned foreign policy of Cypriot President Makarios. Enosis remained an ideological goal despite being pushed significantly further down the political agenda.","promotes its geographical location as a \"bridge\" between East and West along with its educated English-speaking population moderate local costs good airline connections and telecommunications. Since gaining independence from the United Kingdom in 1960 Cyprus has had a record of successful economic performance reflected in strong growth full employment conditions","or fled during the last part of and after World War II and a similar fate was suffered by the Italian population. The late 19th century and the 20th century were marked by large scale economic migrations abroad. The 1940s and the 1950s in Yugoslavia were marked by internal migrations","Thomas Thorild. Four years later Friedrich entered the prestigious Academy of Copenhagen where he began his education by making copies of casts from antique sculptures before proceeding to drawing from life. Living in Copenhagen afforded the young painter access to the Royal Picture Gallery's collection of 17th-century Dutch landscape painting.","general overhaul in Ukraine in order to keep them operational for another 4 to 5 years. The Dr. Franjo Tuđman Military Academy acts as a school of higher learning responsible for training and educating future generations of military personnel. The academy consists of several schools including \"Ban Josip Jelačić\" \"Blago","\"Why We Fight\" World War II propaganda films are explicitly not cult because they are \"slickly made and have proven their ability to persuade an audience.\" The sponsored film \"Mr. B Natural\" became a cult hit when it was broadcast on the satirical television show \"Mystery Science Theater 3000\"; cast","educational institutions partnerships and sole proprietorships also confer corporate titles. There are considerable variations in the composition and responsibilities of corporate titles. Within the corporate office or corporate center of a company some companies have a Chairman and chief executive officer (CEO) as the top-ranking executive while the number two","and Castro tightened Communist Party control over all levels of government the media and the educational system while developing a Soviet-style internal police force. Castro's alliance with the Soviet Union caused something of a split between him and Guevara. In 1966 Guevara left for Bolivia in an ill-fated attempt to","pigs and horses as well as poultry. Meat and dairy produce are leading exports according to one source but both were not in the top 10 categories of 2013. The combined export value of forest products and textiles in 2013 did not exceed that of either chemical products or plastics.","also came to have a multitude of nicknames. As the largest and wealthiest city in Europe during the 4th\u201313th centuries and a centre of culture and education of the Mediterranean basin Constantinople came to be known by prestigious titles such as \"Basileuousa\" (Queen of Cities) and \"Megalopolis\" (the Great City)","for the United Kingdom as a whole. This may be due to a combination of Cornwall's rural and coastal geography increasing its popularity as a retirement location and outward migration of younger residents to more economically diverse areas.","was a resident of Baker House. After completing her regular education Coleman joined the U.S. Air Force as a Second Lieutenant while continuing her graduate work for a PhD at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. In 1988 she entered active duty at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base as a research chemist.","education level health of the populace economic status religious affiliations and other aspects of the population. According to the total population was in compared to only 2 630 000 in 1950. The proportion of children below the age of 15 in 2010 was 40.9% 55.3% was between 15 and 65","primary education grammar courses a copula is often called a linking verb. In other languages copulas show more resemblances to pronouns as in Classical Chinese and Guarani or may take the form of suffixes attached to a noun as in Beja and Inuit languages. Most languages have one main copula","and online education. Early work in comprehension included applying Bayesian statistics to the task of optical character recognition as illustrated by Bledsoe and Browing in 1959 in which a large dictionary of possible letters were generated by \"learning\" from example letters and then the probability that any one of those","associated language tools: compilers integrated development environments formal validation suites. Professional organizations have representation from across the research education industry and government. These include the Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers (IEEE) and Association for Computing Machinery (ACM). A number of conferences in the field of programming languages present advances","had fled Cuba for the United States. On 22 March of that year an exile council was formed. The council planned to defeat the Communist regime and form a provisional government with José Miró Cardona a noted leader in the civil opposition against Batista to serve as temporary president until","this shift reflected in educational policies such that teachers were encouraged to promote the development of their students\u2019 individual opinions and self-efficacy which prior to the aforementioned economic changes was not emphasized in Chinese culture. Attempts to study the association of collectivism and political views and behaviors has largely occurred","Columbus popularized the idea that Columbus had difficulty obtaining support for his plan because many Catholic theologians insisted that the Earth was flat. In fact nearly all educated Westerners had understood at least since the time of Aristotle that the Earth is spherical. The sphericity of the Earth is also","The older generation found this very comforting as pensions would sometimes exceed their former paychecks. Free trade and travel within the country also helped Croatian industries that imported and exported throughout all the former republics. Students and military personnel were encouraged to visit other republics to learn more about the","Member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1832. Babbage was out of sympathy with colleagues: George Biddell Airy his predecessor as Lucasian Professor of Mathematics at Trinity College Cambridge thought an issue should be made of his lack of interest in lecturing. Babbage planned to lecture in","Hamilton Hall and several other university buildings during the protests and New York City police were called onto the campus to arrest or forcibly remove the students. The protests achieved two of their stated goals. Columbia disaffiliated from the IDA and scrapped the plans for the controversial gym building a","It was precisely his broad education that tied him to the traditional Roman elite. According to Plutarch Cicero was an extremely talented student whose learning attracted attention from all over Rome affording him the opportunity to study Roman law under Quintus Mucius Scaevola. Cicero's fellow students were Gaius Marius Minor","London via Brussels. \"Häfen und Güterverkehr Köln\" (Ports and Goods traffic Cologne HGK) is one of the largest operators of inland ports in Germany. Ports include Köln-Deutz Köln-Godorf and Köln-Niehl I and II. Cologne's international airport is Cologne/Bonn Airport (CGN). It is also called Konrad Adenauer Airport after Germany's first post-war","attempts to forcefully conform the Aborigines to western ideas of dress and education. Although the term was popularized in the 1960s and was used by its original proponents to refer to cultural hegemonies in a post-colonial world cultural imperialism has also been used to refer to times further in the","by his parents Fanny and Timeus Smith. His formal education was limited: he suffered from psychological disorders including a fear of crowds and although admitted to high school after attending eight years of grammar school (Long Valley School whence dates the earliest known photo of him) he never went to","In USA the education of chemical engineering graduates from the Baccalaureate programs accredited by ABET do not usually stress project engineering education which can be obtained by specialized training as electives or from graduate programs. Project engineering jobs are some of the largest employers for chemical engineers. A unit operation","service to the Kingdom of God.\" These views were not universal and were condemned by many Calvinists outside South Africa. It was pressure","just as he avoided most controversial topics. Coolidge spoke in favor of the civil rights of African-Americans saying in his first State of the Union address that their rights were \"just as sacred as those of any other citizen\" under the U.S. Constitution and that it was a \"public and","\"Academie des nobles\" the principal educational establishment of the state; later on as councillor of embassy he took part in the negotiations which led to the assumption of the title of \"King in Prussia\" by the elector. In 1699 he succeeded Samuel Pufendorf as historiographer to the elector and the","at the end of April 2003. On 15 May 2006 Ahmed Abdallah Sambi a cleric and successful businessman educated in Iran Saudi Arabia and Sudan was declared the winner of elections for President of the Republic. He is considered a moderate Islamist and is called Ayatollah by his supporters. He","US Lawyers. Board Certification is a rigorous testing and approval process that officially recognizes the extensive education and courtroom experience of attorneys. NBLSC provides Board Certification for Trial Lawyers & Trial Attorneys Civil Lawyers Criminal Lawyers Family Lawyers and Social Security Disability Lawyers. Logistician is the profession in the logistics","\"the father of pragmatism\". He was educated as a chemist and employed as a scientist for 30 years. Today he is appreciated largely for his contributions to logic mathematics philosophy scientific methodology and semiotics and for his founding of pragmatism. An innovator in mathematics statistics philosophy research methodology and various","Cambridgeshire. For example Bottisham Village College. Cambridgeshire is home to a number of institutes of higher education: In addition Cambridge Regional College and Huntingdonshire Regional College both offer a limited range of higher education courses in conjunction with partner universities. These are the settlements in Cambridgeshire with a town charter","Jews\". In the 200 years between 1808 and 2008 the ratio of usage of BCE to BC has increased by about 20% and CE to AD by about 50% primarily since 1980. Some academics in the fields of theology education and history have adopted CE and BCE notation although there","highway the \"Yeager Highway\". Yeager is an honorary board member of the humanitarian organization Wings of Hope. On 2009 Governor Schwarzenegger and Maria Shriver announced that Yeager would be one of 13 California Hall of Fame inductees in The California Museum's yearlong exhibit. The induction ceremony was on 2009 in","decision making apparatus a literature professional art architecture organized religion and complex customs of education coercion and control associated with maintaining the elite. The intricate culture associated with civilization has a tendency to spread to and influence other cultures sometimes assimilating them into the civilization (a classic example being Chinese","text. Various plays were written by the canons of Glasney College intended to educate the Cornish people about the Bible and the Celtic saints. From this period also is ' and the recently discovered '. In the reign of Henry VIII an account was given by Andrew Boorde in his","up to two packs a day unfiltered\"). Miss Wormwood reacts to Calvin's behavior by tightly shutting her eyes and thinking \"Five years until retirement\" repeatedly. Watterson describes her as \"an unhappy person\" due to her belief in the value of education. Mr. Spittle is the school principal to whose office","least 1400 Comorians were killed. As many as 17000 Comorians left Madagascar to seek refuge in their native land in 1977 alone. About 100000 Comorians live in France; many of them had gone there for a university education and never returned. Small numbers of Indians Malagasy South Africans and Europeans","DeMille's parents met as members of a music and literary society in New York. Henry was a tall red-headed student. Beatrice was intelligent educated forthright and strong-willed. They were both born in 1853 and both loved the theater. When they married Beatrice converted to Henry's faith. Henry worked as a","studies he went on long educational voyages from 1710 to 1724 through Europe visiting other German states England Holland Italy and France meeting with many famous mathematicians such as Gottfried Leibniz Leonhard Euler and Nicholas I Bernoulli. Back in Königsberg he got acquainted with Georg Bernhard Bilfinger and Jakob Hermann.","British naval officer surveyor and educator. He is the discoverer of Malden Island in the central Pacific which is named in his honour. He also founded Windlesham House School at Brighton England. Malden was born in Putney Surrey son of Jonas Malden a surgeon. He entered British naval service at","area of the Cairo Governorate which would serve as the administrative and financial capital of Egypt. Cairo as well as neighbouring Giza has been established as Egypt's main centre for medical treatment and despite some exceptions has the most advanced level of medical care in the country. Cairo's hospitals include","Medicine Council of Hong Kong was established in 1999. It regulates the medicinals and professional standards for TCM practitioners. All TCM practitioners in Hong Kong are required to register with the Council. The eligibility for registration includes a recognised 5-year university degree of TCM a 30-week minimum supervised clinical internship","planning and sex education argues that no studies have shown abstinence-only programs to result in delayed intercourse and cites surveys showing that 76% of American parents want their children to receive comprehensive sexuality education including condom use. Common procedures in infertility treatment such as semen analysis and intrauterine insemination (IUI)","The National Socialist Movement of Chile supported Ibáñez's candidacy which had been announced on September 4. In order to preempt Ross's victory the National Socialists mounted a coup d'état that was intended to take down the rightwing government of Arturo Alessandri Palma and place Ibáñez in power. During the period","Paris Pointe-Noire and Yaoundé. Since at least 2002 there have been plans to connect Bangui by rail to the Transcameroon Railway. The Central African Republic primarily uses hydroelectricity as there are few other resources for energy and power for the world around them. Presently the Central African Republic has active","which automatically permits polygamy unless spouses specify that this is unacceptable upon marriage. Although violence against women is prohibited domestic violence is common. Female genital mutilation is also prohibited but the practice is widespread and deeply rooted in tradition; 45% of Chadian women undergo the procedure with the highest rates","not declaring any religion or faith in polls and the percentage of convinced atheists being third highest only behind China and Japan. The Czech people have been historically characterised as \"tolerant and even indifferent towards religion\". Christianization in the 9th and 10th centuries introduced Roman Catholicism. After the Bohemian Reformation","learning experience to the player. Some serious games may even fail to qualify as a video game in the traditional sense of the term. Educational software does not typically fall under this category (e.g. touch typing tutors language learning programs etc.) and the primary distinction would appear to be based","an external debt that is far above the HIPC threshold. Membership in the franc zone the main anchor of stability has nevertheless helped contain pressures on domestic prices. The Comoros has an inadequate transportation system a young and rapidly increasing population and few natural resources. The low educational level of","broadcasting west of the Continental Divide in Colorado though most mountain resort communities publish daily newspapers. Higher education in and near the Western Slope can be found at Colorado Mesa University in Grand Junction Western State College of Colorado in Gunnison Fort Lewis College in Durango and Colorado Mountain College","of Charlemagne appears to Dante in the among the other \"warriors of the faith\". Charlemagne appears in \"Adelchi\" the second tragedy by Italian writer Alessandro Manzoni first published in 1822. In 1867 an equestrian statue of Charlemagne was made by Louis Jehotte and was inaugurated in 1868 on the Boulevard","education level health of the populace economic status religious affiliations and other aspects of the population. Between 1874 and 1921 the total population of Cambodia increased from about 946000 to 2.4 million. By 1950 it had increased to between 3710107 and 4073967 and in 1962 it had reached 5.7 million.","some US$10 billion in foreign aid. With regards to economic assistance official donors had pledged $880 million at the Ministerial Conference on the Rehabilitation of Cambodia (MCRRC) in Tokyo in June 1992. In addition to that figure $119 million was pledged in September 1993 at the International Committee on the","factory workers during the industrial revolution were first developed on slave plantations. Some anti-capitalist thinkers claim that the elite maintain wage slavery and a divided working class through their influence over the media and entertainment industry educational institutions unjust laws nationalist and corporate propaganda pressures and incentives to internalise values","ID being taught in science classes was raised by the Federal Education Minister Brendan Nelson; the minister quickly conceded that the correct forum for ID if it were to be taught is in religious or philosophy classes. In the US teaching of intelligent design in public schools has been decisively","brakes on their earlier liberal policies. In April 1969 Dubček was finally dismissed from the First Secretaryship of the Czechoslovak Communist Party. Meanwhile one plank of the reform program had been carried out: in 1968-9 Czechoslovakia was turned into a federation of the Czech Socialist Republic and Slovak Socialist Republic.","service economy. The services in question range from tourism hospitality entertainment housekeeping and prostitution to grey-collar work in law finance and administration. Cities are typically hubs for education and the arts supporting universities museums temples and other cultural institutions. They feature impressive displays of architecture ranging from small to enormous","from 1900 to 1965 the population grew from fewer than one million to become the most populous state in the Union. In 1940 the Census Bureau reported California's population as 6.0% Hispanic 2.4% Asian and 89.5% non-Hispanic white. To meet the population's needs major engineering feats like the California and","their respective allies Socialist Party (which became the biggest party in the Concertación block) and National Renewal in the right-wing alliance. In the 2009 legislative elections in Chile the Communist Party won 3 out of 120 seats in the Chamber of Deputies for the first time in 30 years (the","offered computer science education. A 2010 report by Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) and Computer Science Teachers Association (CSTA) revealed that only 14 out of 50 states have adopted significant education standards for high school computer science. However computer science education is growing. Some countries such as Israel New Zealand","standards of living in the world. The Cayman Islands produces gourmet sea salt. Education is compulsory to the age of 16 and is free to all Caymanian children. Most schools follow the British educational system. Ten primary one special education a high school and a middle school ('junior high school')","Big Bang theory the details are largely based on educated guesses. Following this in the early universe the evolution of the universe proceeded according to known high energy physics. This is when the first protons electrons and neutrons formed then nuclei and finally atoms. With the formation of neutral hydrogen","Many public services \u2013 including health education and policing \u2013 are provided by the state of Western Australia and Western Australian law applies except where the federal government has determined otherwise. The islands were first discovered in 1609 by William Keeling but no settlement occurred until the early 19th century.","churches and private foundations operate several private schools. The University College of the Cayman Islands has campuses on Grand Cayman and Cayman Brac and is the only government-run university on the Cayman Islands. The International College of the Cayman Islands is a private college in Grand Cayman. The college was","education level health of the populace economic status religious affiliations and other aspects of the population. The following demographic statistics are from the CIA World Factbook unless otherwise indicated.","radio. From the age of 10 he was educated at Stonyhurst College an independent Jesuit boarding school in Lancashire. He went to study zoology at the University of Bristol where he gained a 2:1. On graduating Morris pursued a career as a musician in various bands for which he played","analyze labor unions businesses ranging from small enterprises to corporations government medical organizations education prisons and financial institutions. Nongovernmental organizations have garnered particular interest in the field of institutional anthropology because of they are capable of fulfilling roles previously ignored by governments or previously realized by families or local groups","[[Korean language|Korean]] is spoken natively along the border with [[North Korea]]. [[Sarikoli language|Sarikoli]] the language of [[Tajiks of Xinjiang|Tajiks in western Xinjiang]] is an [[Indo-European language]]. [[Taiwanese aborigines]] including a small population on the mainland speak [[Austronesian languages]]. [[Standard Mandarin]] a variety of Mandarin based on the [[Beijing dialect]] is","popularity. 33 Export beer is the official drink of the national soccer team and one of the most popular brands joining Castel Amstel Brewery and Guinness. Traditional arts and crafts are practiced throughout the country for commercial decorative and religious purposes. Woodcarvings and sculptures are especially common. The high-quality clay","approximately","knowledge among the workforce. Chilean foreign policy has recognized the importance of the tertiary sector or service sector to the economy boosting its international liberalization and leading to the signing of several free trade area agreements. Chilean service exportation consists mainly of maritime and aeronautical services tourism retail (department stores","mine was constructed in 1914. It was closed in December 1987 when the Australian government","education level health of the populace economic status religious affiliations and other aspects of the population. There are more than 80 ethnic groups in the Central African Republic (CAR) each with its own language. About 50% are Baya-Mandjia 40% Banda (largely located in the northern and central parts of the","education level health of the populace economic status religious affiliations and other aspects of the population. Cape Verde has a population of about inhabitants divided evenly of those who live in the islands and the ones who live abroad in the Cape Verdean diaspora in mainland Africa Europe U.S. Brazil","collection of history books that first sparked Eisenhower's early and lasting interest in military history. He persisted in reading the books in her collection and became a voracious reader in the subject. Other favorite subjects early in his education were arithmetic and spelling. His parents set aside specific times at","he had learned from his teachers: \"To learn knowledge and truth from the West in order to save China.\" Deng was aware that China was suffering greatly and that the Chinese people must have a modern education to save their country. In December 1920 a French packet ship the \"André","was educated at the progressive Francis W. Parker School and at Goddard College in Plainfield Vermont. At the Chicago Public Library Foundation 20th anniversary fundraiser in 2006 though Mamet announced \"My alma mater is the Chicago Public Library. I got what little educational foundation I got in the third-floor reading","sentence structure and grammar as well as developing the ability to speak clearly. Several types of early intervention can help with cognitive development. Efforts to develop motor skills include physical therapy speech and language therapy and occupational therapy. Physical therapy focuses specifically on motor development and teaching children to interact","part of the seal this one by Canadian artist and designer Thoreau MacDonald. That design was used widely and like Dwiggins' seal had its date changed from \"1770\" to \"1769\" around 1958. That version continues to be used under trademark registration number 3112676 and others. College designer John Scotford made","The original mission of the institution was to provide educational opportunities in the \"practical arts and sciences\" for women and men of all backgrounds. The institution became known as the Drexel Institute of Technology in 1936 and in 1970 the Drexel Institute of Technology gained university status becoming Drexel University.","use in the education system and administration though German and Latin continued to be the most important written languages well into the 17th century. Following the loss of territory to Germany and Sweden a nationalist movement adopted the language as a token of Danish identity and the language experienced a","value of the letter x in modern English is still sometimes used resulting in or . In Australian English the preferred pronunciation amongst members of the educated classes was until well into the 1970s as part of a tendency for the upper class to \"anglicise its borrowing ruthlessly\". The traditional","English writer Samuel Johnson used the term \"the black dog\" in the 1780s to describe his own depression and it was subsequently popularized by depression sufferer former British Prime Minister Sir Winston Churchill. Social stigma of major depression is widespread and contact with mental health services reduces this only slightly.","Presbyterian minister. He was educated at Wampus Elementary School Harold C. Crittenden Junior High School (both in Armonk) and Pleasantville High School where he was elected \"Class Clown\" in 1965. He earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in English from Haverford College in 1969. As an alumnus of a Quaker-affiliated","her as \"a female Socrates\". Diderot began his formal education at a Jesuit collège in Langres and earned a Master of Arts degree in philosophy in 1732. He then entered the Collège d'Harcourt of the University of Paris. He abandoned the idea of entering the clergy and decided instead to","just under 20000 students are enrolled. The UNESCO-IHE Institute for Water Education providing postgraduate education for people from developing countries draws on the strong tradition in water management and hydraulic engineering of the Delft university. In the local economic field essential elements are: East of Delft lies a relatively vast","disorder society often makes an assessment based on incomplete information. Before the 1980s dyslexia was thought to be a consequence of education rather than a basic disability. As a result society often misjudges those with the disorder. There is also sometimes a workplace stigma and negative attitude towards those with","Jacopo Pietro Giovanni and Antonia were his actual children. Antonia later became a nun taking the name Sister Beatrice. Not much is known about Dante's education; he presumably studied at home or in a chapter school attached to a church or monastery in Florence. It is known that he studied","subsequently volunteer for behaviour-changing treatment with medication under a scheme being piloted at HMP Whatton which has had encouraging results. Dartmoor offers cell accommodation on six wings. Education is available at the prison (full and part-time) and ranges from basic educational skills to Open University courses. Vocational training includes electronics","was a sequel to the Hilbert-Ackermann book \"Principles of Mathematical Logic\" from 1928. Hermann Weyl's successor was Helmut Hasse. About a year later Hilbert attended a banquet and was seated next to the new Minister of Education Bernhard Rust. Rust asked whether \"the \"Mathematical Institute\" really suffered so much because","series \"This Is America Charlie Brown\". Dave Brubeck married jazz lyricist Iola Brubeck in September 1942 remaining married for 70 years up until his death. Iola died on March 12 2014 from cancer in Wilton Connecticut at the age of 90. Four of Brubeck's six children have been professional musicians.","RAID XFS and LVM support improved hardware detection made installations easier for novice users and was translated into almost forty languages. An installation manual and release notes were in ten and fifteen languages respectively. The efforts of Skolelinux Debian-Med and Debian-Accessibility raised the number of packages that were educational had","20 years older. Hollywood actor Jean Reno plays Doraemon. Doraemon has become a prevalent part of popular culture in Japan. Newspapers also regularly make references to Doraemon and his pocket as something with the ability to satisfy","His mother Annie had died by the time he was about ten. Defoe was educated at the Rev. James Fisher's boarding school in Pixham Lane in Dorking Surrey. His parents were Presbyterian dissenters and around the age of 14 he attended a dissenting academy at Newington Green in London run","after the \"tabula rasa\". At the Cabaret Voltaire we began by shocking common sense public opinion education institutions museums good taste in short the whole prevailing order.\" The Cabaret closed its doors in early July and then at the first public soiree at Waag Hall on July 14 1916 Ball","with a passing mention in Charles Dickens \"Bleak House\" dinosaurs have been featured in large numbers of fictional works. Jules Verne's 1864 novel \"Journey to the Center of the Earth\" Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's 1912 book \"The Lost World\" the iconic 1933 film \"King Kong\" the","development of the series. The programme was originally intended to appeal to a family audience as an educational programme using time travel as a means to explore scientific ideas and famous moments in history. On 31 July 1963 Whitaker commissioned Terry Nation to write a story under the title \"The","of Artemis stood Diana was usually depicted for educated Romans in her Greek guise. If she is accompanied by a deer as in the \"Diana of Versailles\" (\"illustration above right\") this is because Diana was the patroness of hunting. The deer may also offer a covert reference to the myth","feasts and celebrations were necessary for joy and relaxation. He considers education to be the noblest of pursuits but cautioned that learning without sense leads to error. Democritus was also a pioneer of mathematics and geometry in particular. We only know this through citations of his works (titled \"On Numbers\"","and writing. He was educated at Dauntsey's School a boarding school in Wiltshire. In 1946 he joined the British Army for two years of national service becoming a lecturer in fine arts at the Chiseldon Army College. After being demobilised in 1948 he held his first one-man show of his","-worthy (from Anglo-Saxon \"worthig\") indicate larger settlements. Several 'Bere's indicate Anglo-Saxon wood groves as 'leighs' indicate clearings. Devon has a variety of festivals and traditional practices including the traditional orchard-visiting Wassail in Whimple every 17 January and the carrying of flaming tar barrels in Ottery St. Mary where people who","educational activities designed to improve the health of United States citizens. In addition the CDC researches and provides information on non-infectious diseases such as obesity and diabetes and is a founding member of the International Association of National Public Health Institutes. The Communicable Disease Center was founded July 1 1946","Mazatan Chiapas area. Izapa became an important pre-Mayan site as well. There are also other ancient sites including Tapachula and Tepcatán and Pijijiapan. These sites contain numerous embankments and foundations that once lay beneath pyramids and other buildings. Some of these buildings have disappeared and others have been covered by","by over 100 percent between the years of 1990 and 2002 and that in 2001 there were 25000 hospital visits reported for cheerleading injuries dealing with the shoulder ankle head and neck. Meanwhile in the USA cheerleading accounted for 65.1% of all major physical injuries to high school females and","1534. His brother Andrew and their kinsman Tamás Nádasdy took charge of Christopher's education. Christopher visited England France Italy Spain and the Holy Roman Empire in his youth. He also served as a page in Emperor Charles V's court. Christopher entered the service of John Zápolya's widow Isabella Jagiellon in","in Sun Yat-sen's name. During this so-called Republican Era many features of a modern functional Chinese state emerged and developed. The decade of 1928 to 1937 saw some aspects of foreign imperialism concessions and privileges in China moderated through diplomacy. The government acted to modernize the legal and penal systems","knowledge of occult phenomena but a knowledge of children.\" Some public figures were more sympathetic. Margaret McMillan the educational and social reformer wrote: \"How wonderful that to these dear children such a wonderful gift has been vouchsafed.\" The novelist Henry De Vere Stacpoole decided to take the fairy photographs and","African and 1% was Asian. Of those residents who were asked about their first language 35.7% spoke Afrikaans 29.8% spoke Xhosa and 28.4% spoke English. 24.8% of the population is under the age of 15 while 5.5% is 65 or older. Of those residents aged 20 or older 1.8% have","Turkmenistan (founded in 2013). Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan are both generalizing the teaching of foreign languages at school in order to facilitate international ties. Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan have both adopted the three-tier bachelor\u2019s master\u2019s and PhD degree system in 2007 and 2012 respectively which is gradually replacing the Soviet system of","parachurch agencies and evangelical educational institutions may be supported generously or not at all depending entirely upon the local congregation's customs and predilections. Usually doctrinal conformity is held as a first consideration when a church makes a decision to grant or decline financial contributions to such agencies which are legally","transition to democracy (1975\u20131982) Catalonia has regained considerable local autonomy in political educational environmental and cultural affairs and is now one of the most economically dynamic communities of Spain. The name \"Catalunya\" (Catalonia)\u2014spelled \"Cathalonia\" or \"Cathalaunia\" in Mediaeval Latin\u2014began to be used for the homeland of the Catalans (\"Cathalanenses\") in","study.\" In 1966 Sagan was a member of the Ad Hoc Committee to Review Project Blue Book the U.S. Air Force's UFO investigation project. The committee concluded Blue Book had been lacking as a scientific study and recommended a university-based project to give the UFO phenomenon closer scientific scrutiny. The result was","and continued to alternate in power with the Liberals until the 1930s when Labour became the dominant political party. It has elements both of paternalism stressing the responsibilities of the state and of economic liberalism. It first returned to power in the 1960s. During Kåre Willoch's premiership in the 1980s","The sale if finalized would increase the Indian Air Force's fleet to 11 C-17s. Boeing","there are radically different views on the nature of good citizenship and education should involve and develop autonomy and open-mindedness. Therefore it requires a more critical approach than is possible when political participation and solidarity are conceived of as goals of education. Secondly some educationalists argue that merely teaching children","Caligula became ruthless after nearly dying of an illness in the eighth month of his reign in AD 37. Juvenal reports he was given a magic potion that drove him insane. Suetonius said that Caligula suffered from \"falling sickness\" or epilepsy when he was young. Modern historians have theorized that","Malthus. However commitment to \"laissez faire\" was not uniform and some economists advocated state support of public works and education. Classical liberals were also divided on free trade as Ricardo expressed doubt that the removal of grain tariffs advocated by Richard Cobden and the Anti-Corn Law League would have any","Bowl built in 1915. This is where the name came into use as it became known as the Rose Bowl Game. Other games came along and used the term \"bowl\" whether the stadium was shaped like a bowl or not. At the Division I FBS level teams must earn the","and went by the name Dent Young in his early years. Young was also known as \"Farmer Young\" and \"Farmboy Young\". Young stopped his formal education after he completed the sixth grade so he could help out on the family's farm. In 1885 Young moved with his father to Nebraska","and Fausta his father's second wife. He was educated at the court of his father at Constantinople under the tutelage of the poet Aemilius Magnus Arborius. On 25 December 333 Constantine I elevated Constans to the rank of \"Caesar\" at Constantinople. Constans became engaged to Olympias the daughter of the","2015. It aims to triple public spending on research and development to 0.6% of GDP and augment the share of GDE from foreign sources including the framework programmes for research of the European Union to the point where it covers 40% of research spending among others. During the communism the","explicitly deliver intervention systems through at-home parent implementation. Despite the recent development of parent training models these interventions have demonstrated effectiveness in numerous studies being evaluated as a probable efficacious mode of treatment. Educational interventions can be effective to varying degrees in most children: intensive ABA treatment has demonstrated effectiveness","on population rather than geographic counties as Alabama had used for its senate. In 1972 for the first time since 1901 the legislature completed the first congressional redistricting based on the decennial census. This benefited the urban areas that had developed as well as all in the population who had","published in a variety of literary journals where working under a male pen name she was able to explore lesbian themes at a time when homosexuality was criminalised and subject to censorship and punishment. More recently the British anarcho-pacifist Alex Comfort gained notoriety during the sexual revolution for writing the","the public and separate school systems in that city are counted in the above numbers: both of them operate according to Saskatchewan law. For many years the provincial government has funded the greater part of the cost of providing K\u201312 education. Prior to 1994 public and separate school boards in","by the Angolan Ministry of Health which includes strengthening routine immunisation a proper dealing with measles cases national campaigns introducing a second dose of vaccination in the national routine vaccination calendar and active epidemiological surveillance for measles. This campaign took place together with the vaccination against polio and vitamin A","community and following a 1927\u201328 tour of Europe and Turkey introduced several reforms intended to modernize his nation. A key force behind these reforms was Mahmud Tarzi an ardent supporter of the education of women. He fought for Article 68 of Afghanistan's 1923 constitution which made elementary education compulsory. The","developed that blended alchemy into a broader occult Hermeticism fusing it with magic astrology and Christian cabala. A key figure in this development was German Heinrich Cornelius Agrippa (1486\u20131535) who received his Hermetic education in Italy in the schools of the humanists. In his \"De Occulta Philosophia\" he attempted to","required by law to have full-time education. Education up to secondary level is provided free of charge by the government. There are three systems of school\u2014Andorran French and Spanish\u2014which use Catalan French and Spanish respectively as the main language of instruction. Parents may choose which system their children attend. All","Athens to continue his education at Plato's Academy. He remained there for nearly twenty years before leaving Athens in 348/47 BC. The traditional story about his departure records that he was disappointed with the Academy's direction after control passed to Plato's nephew Speusippus although it is possible that he feared anti-Macedonian","is Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and the second being the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) which was first enacted in 1975 under the name The Education for All Handicapped Children Act. In 2004 during the reauthorization period for IDEA the National Instructional Material Access Center","a kind of colony of Brazil with Brazilian Jesuits active in its religious and educational centers. The Portuguese Empire was neglected during the period of the Iberian Union which lasted from 1580 to 1640. The Dutch bitter enemies of their former masters in Spain invaded many Portuguese overseas possessions. During","Douglas Den Uyl and Douglas B. Rasmussen while stressing the importance and originality of her thought describe her style as \"literary hyperbolic and emotional\". Philosopher Jack Wheeler says that despite \"the incessant bombast and continuous venting of Randian rage\" Rand's ethics are \"a most immense achievement the study of which","1832 at age 23 Lincoln and a partner bought a small general store on credit in New Salem Illinois. Although the economy was booming in the region the business struggled and Lincoln eventually sold his share. That March he began his political career with his first campaign for the Illinois","age of 8 he was transferred to the Luitpold Gymnasium (now known as the Albert Einstein Gymnasium) where he received advanced primary and secondary school education until he left the German Empire seven years later. In 1894 Hermann and Jakob's company lost a bid to supply the city of Munich","per 1000 people) nurses (2.23 per 1000 people) and dentists (0.31 per 1000 people). Access to \"improved water sources\" was limited to 92% of the population in urban areas and 80% of the population in the rural areas. Some 99% of Algerians living in urban areas but only 82% of","of whom live in the urbanized area. The richest location in Alaska by per capita income is Halibut Cove ($89895). Yakutat City Sitka Juneau and Anchorage are the four largest cities in the U.S. by area. As reflected in the 2010 United States Census Alaska has a total of 355","has cleared percentages of the various particles can be determined. Fifty to 60 percent sand and 35 to 40 percent clay will yield strong bricks. The Cooperative State Research Education and Extension Service at New Mexico State University recommends a mix of not more than 1/3 clay not less than","short periods of weightlessness (microgravity) in an aircraft called the \"Vomit Comet\" the nickname given to a pair of modified KC-135s (retired in 2000 and 2004 respectively and replaced in 2005 with a C-9) which perform parabolic flights. Astronauts are also required to accumulate a number of flight hours in","schoolchildren. Adventure education intentionally uses challenging experiences for learning. Some of the oldest and most widespread stories in the world are stories of adventure such as Homer's \"The Odyssey\". The knight errant was the form the \"adventure seeker\" character took in the late Middle Ages. The adventure novel exhibits these","year. In 2006 the Aruban government changed several tax laws to reduce the deficit. Direct taxes have been converted to indirect taxes as proposed by the IMF. A 3% tax has been introduced on sales and services while income taxes have been lowered and revenue taxes for business reduced by","Gervas Huxley he had an early interest in drawing. Huxley's education began in his father's well-equipped botanical laboratory after which he enrolled at Hillside School near Godalming. He was taught there by his own mother for several years until she became terminally ill. After Hillside he went on to Eton","he considered his home. He was first educated at Transylvania University in Lexington Kentucky where he met fellow student Jefferson Davis. Both were appointed to the United States Military Academy at West Point New York Davis two years behind Johnston. In 1826 Johnston graduated eighth of 41 cadets in his","shifted agricultural education back to its vocational roots but the scientific foundation had been built. After 1906 public expenditures on agricultural research in the US exceeded private expenditures for the next 44 years. Intensification of agriculture since the 1960s in developed and developing countries often referred to as the Green","reach their athletic potential. His Boys & Girls Club sees 2000 children throughout the year and boasts a world-class junior tennis team. It also has a basketball program (the Agassi Stars) and a rigorous system that encourages a mix of academics and athletics. In 2001 Agassi opened the Andre Agassi","far the strongest overall Human Development Index (HDI) improvement of any region in the world nearly doubling average HDI attainment over the past 40 years according to the report's analysis of health education and income data. China the second highest achiever in the world in terms of HDI improvement since","is \"All animals are equal.\" Snowball teaches the animals to read and write while Napoleon educates young puppies on the principles of Animalism. Food is plentiful and the farm runs smoothly. The pigs elevate themselves to positions of leadership and set aside special food items ostensibly for their personal health.","new area of internet research as well as ethnographies of other areas of research which happen to involve media such as development work social movements or health education. This is in addition to many classic ethnographic contexts where media such as radio the press new media and television have started","highly educated individuals who typically have a Ph.D. in physics or astronomy and are employed by research institutions or universities. They spend the majority of their time working on research although they quite often have other duties such as teaching building instruments or aiding in the operation of an observatory.","War. Once this was over a massive development cooperation in the field of health and education brought in numerous civil personnel from Cuba. However only a very small percentage of all these people has remained in Angola either for personal reasons (intermarriage) or as professionals (e.g. medical doctors). The largest","in phonology from the language of Portugal and other Portuguese-speaking countries (the dialects of the other countries partly because of the more recent end of Portuguese colonialism in these regions have a closer connection to contemporary European Portuguese). These differences are comparable to those between American and British English. Brazil","Burkina Faso with around 350000 children who are in need of emergency medical assistance. However only about a third of these children will actually receive adequate medical attention. Only 11.4 percent of children under the age of two receive the daily recommended number of meals. Stunted growth as a result of food","of public finances. State-owned companies include the Belgian Post Group and Belgian Railways. The Federal Government is responsible for the obligations of Belgium and its federalized institutions towards the European Union and NATO. It controls substantial parts of public health home affairs and foreign affairs. The budget\u2014without the debt\u2014controlled by","Tsardom the Ottomans conquered all Bulgarian lands south of the Danube. The nobility was eliminated and the peasantry was enserfed to Ottoman masters with much of the educated clergy fleeing to other countries. Under the Ottoman system Christians were considered an inferior class of people. Thus Bulgarians like other Christians","Secondary School Certificate (HSC) examination. Education is primarily in Bengali but English is commonly taught and used. Many Muslim families send their children to part-time courses or full-time religious education in Bengali and Arabic in madrasas. Bangladesh conforms with the Education For All (EFA) objectives the Millennium Development Goals (MDG)","Limkokwing University of Creative Technology which offers various associate degrees in Creative Arts. Other tertiary institutions include Ba Isago ABM University College the largest school of business and management New Era Gaborone Institute of Professional Studies etc. Tremendous strides in providing quality education have been made by private education providers","body of 47000 one of the largest in Turkey. Bursa Technical University is the second public university of Bursa and was established in 2010 beginning education in the 2011\u20132012 academic year. The first private university of Bursa was the Bursa Orhangazi University which started education in the 2012\u20132013 academic year.","with a significant number of migrants or foreign born population are Mitte Neukölln and Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg. There are more than 20 non-indigenous communities with a population of at least 10000 people including Turkish Polish Russian Lebanese Palestinian Serbian Italian Bosnian Vietnamese American Romanian Bulgarian Croatian Chinese Austrian Ukrainian French British Spanish","spread of various Evangelical Protestant denominations throughout Latin America. Geographically speaking German Mennonites live mostly in the rural districts of Cayo and Orange Walk. The Greek Orthodox Church has a presence in Santa Elena. The Association of Religion Data Archives estimates there were 7776 Bahá'ís in Belize in 2005 or","more involved in civic-action programs education health care and constructing roads bridges and railroads across the nation. Although the 1988 constitution preserves the external and internal roles of the armed forces it places the military under presidential authority. Thus the new charter changed the manner in which the military could","from its trading partners. GDP only began to rise in 1996; the country was the fastest-recovering former Soviet republic in the terms of its economy. In 2006 GDP amounted to in purchasing power parity (PPP) dollars (estimate) or about $8100 per capita. In 2005 GDP increased by 9.9%; the inflation","provisions: Five councils were set up: A series of National Development Plans was initiated by the 28th Sultan of Brunei Omar Ali Saifuddien III. The first was introduced in 1953. A total sum of B$100 million was approved by the Brunei State Council for the plan. E.R. Bevington from the","High School Bronx Academy of Letters Herbert H. Lehman High School and High School of American Studies. The Bronx is also home to three of New York City's most prestigious private secular schools: Fieldston Horace Mann and Riverdale Country School. High schools linked to the Roman Catholic Church include: Saint","welfare. Model education social and environment programs in Bhutan are underway with support from multilateral development organisations. Each economic program takes into account the government's desire to protect the country's environment and cultural traditions. For example the government in its cautious expansion of the tourist sector encourages visits by upscale","and VAW Aluminium Technologie GmbH from Germany Hydro ASA from Norway Fiat from Italy and TLM-Šibenik from Croatia[5]. Mostar area alone receives an income of \u20ac40 million annually from Aluminij. Prijedor is the sixth largest city in Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is an economically prosperous municipality hosting a wide range","1993 Sanchez de Lozada introduced the \"Plan de Todos\" which led to the decentralization of government introduction of intercultural bilingual education implementation of agrarian legislation and privatization of state owned businesses. The plan explicitly stated that Bolivian citizens would own a minimum of 51% of enterprises; under the plan most","to their new home in California and stayed on with them to further his education. The whole family boasts of Jethro's \"sixth-grade education\" but nevertheless feels he is a bit of an idiot. Jethro is simply naive in the first season of the show but becomes incredibly ignorant and pompous","country through various operators. ADSL connections are available in some areas. Benin is connected to the Internet by way of satellite connections (since 1998) and a single submarine cable SAT-3/WASC (since 2001) keeping the price of data extremely high. Relief is expected with initiation of the Africa Coast to Europe","illegal fishing offshore. Invasive exotics introduced by human activity including cockroaches and coconut palms have also displaced native wildlife. Feral cats first introduced in 1937 were eradicated in 1965. Public entry to the island is only by special use permit from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and it is","rates in the world being higher than other high risk countries such as China and India. 20% of deaths in the British Virgin Islands during 2012 were recorded as drownings all of them being tourists. Despite this the territory's most popular beach still has no lifeguard presence. The British Virgin","William Johnson Eddie Minnis and Winston Saunders. Bahamas culture is rich with beliefs traditions folklore and legend. The most well-known folklore and legends in the Bahamas includes Lusca in Andros Bahamas Pretty Molly on Exuma Bahamas the Chickcharnies of Andro Bahamas and the Lost City of Atlantis on Bimini Bahamas.","NBC Defence Navigation and Topography and Maintenance organisations. Logistic Elements of the Armed Forces provided Material Support Logistic Support Medical Support Veterinarian Support and Military Construction. In 1995 the Military Academy of Belarus was set up on the basis of two military educational institutions \u2013 the Minsk Air Defence and","million visitors annually of whom more than 80% are from the United States. Other significant sources of visitors are from Canada and the United Kingdom. Tourists arrive either by cruise ship or by air at L.F. Wade International Airport the only airport on the island. Healthcare is another industry where","caused by Hurricanes Vivian and Wiebke. On 26 December 1999 Hurricane Lothar raged across the Black Forest and caused even greater damage especially to the spruce monocultures. As had happened following the 1990 storms large quantities of fallen logs were kept in provisional wet storage areas for years. The effects","1977 to 1979. As Governor of Arkansas Clinton overhauled the state's education system and served as chairman of the National Governors Association. Clinton was elected president in 1992 defeating incumbent Republican opponent George H. W. Bush. At age 46 he became the third-youngest president and the first from the Baby","#135. Tourism in Sarajevo is chiefly focused on historical religious and cultural aspects. In 2010 Lonely Planet's \"Best In Travel\" nominated it as one of the top ten cities to visit that year. Sarajevo also won travel blog Foxnomad's \"Best City to Visit\" competition in 2012 beating more than one","my efforts over a long period have resulted in no such discovery. Indeed I may add that I write nothing here that is not the fruit of lengthy reflection; and although I have been educated from boyhood in the accepted beliefs concerning Scripture I have felt bound in the end","education level health of the populace economic status religious affiliations and other aspects of the population. According to data from 2013 census published by the Agency for Statistics of Bosnia and Herzegovina Bosniaks constitute 50.11% of the population Bosnian Serbs 30.78% Bosnian Croats 15.43% and others form 2.73% with the","enrolment of the public schools. Degree-level education in the country is provided by the Barbados Community College the Samuel Jackman Prescod Polytechnic and the Cave Hill campus and Open Campus of the University of the West Indies. Barbados is also home to the American University of Integrative Sciences School of","in Brazil were associated with businesses with up to 10 employees. Even though Brazil ranks internationally as one of the hardest countries in the region to do business due to its complicated bureaucracy. There is a healthy number of entrepreneurs thanks to the huge market and the government programs. The","in the capital Minsk. The profile of the average Internet user is male university educated living in the capital and working in a state enterprise. The Ministry for Statistics and Analysis estimates that one in four families in Belarus owns a computer at home. The popularity of Internet cafés has","is robbed. Release of tension is therapeutic and useful in our society because most jobs are boring and repetitive. Playing games has been suggested as a viable addition to traditional educational curriculum. There are a number of ways in which board games can be classified and considerable overlap may exist","education level health of the populace economic status religious affiliations and other aspects of the population. Botswana like many nations in southern Africa suffers from a high HIV infection rate estimated among adults ages 15 to 49 to be 24.8%. The seven censuses of Botswana before its independence happened irregularly.","of Integrative Arts and Sciences College of Nursing and Health Innovation College of Public Service and Community Solutions Mary Lou Fulton Teachers College and Walter Cronkite School of Journalism and Mass Communication. In the summer of 2013 the campus added the Sun Devil Fitness Center in conjunction with the original","were compelled to emigrate to lack of living space were largely engaged as boatmen and transporters of water to Baghdad. The town had relatively high educational standards with eight schools built there by 1946. F. R. Chesney reported about 1800 houses 2 mosques and 16 waterwheels. One minaret is particularly","has evolved and diversified. The state's gross domestic product (GDP) was $119 billion in 2015. Six Fortune 500 companies are based in Arkansas including the world's #1 retailer Walmart Tyson Foods J.B. Hunt Dillard's Murphy USA and Windstream. The per capita personal income in 2015 was $39107 ranking forty-fifth in","in the US has generally not included alternative medicine as a teaching topic. Typically their teaching is based on current practice and scientific knowledge about: anatomy physiology histology embryology neuroanatomy pathology pharmacology microbiology and immunology. Medical schools' teaching includes such topics as doctor-patient communication ethics the art of medicine and","music inspired by the North-East's Doric dialect and humour. National festivals which visited Aberdeen in 2012 included the British Science Festival in September hosted by the University of Aberdeen but with events also taking place at Robert Gordon University and at other venues across the city. In February 2012 the","Inventions organisation titled \"1001 Inventions and the World of Ibn Al-Haytham\" featuring a series of interactive exhibits workshops and live shows about his work partnering with science centers science festivals museums and educational institutions as well as digital and social media platforms. The campaign also produced and released the short","son Athalaric in 530. Deeply imbued with the old Roman culture she gave to that son's education a more refined and literary turn than suited the ideas of her Gothic subjects. Conscious of her unpopularity she banished \u2014 and afterwards put to death \u2014 three Gothic nobles whom she suspected","part of his early education and though located well away from the Romanized coast is today the site of some pristine Roman ruins. As to his first name no \"praenomen\" is given in any ancient source; late-medieval manuscripts began the tradition of calling him \"Lucius\" from the name of the","commencement address at Harvard University in 1978 Solzhenitsyn alleged that many in the U.S. did not understand the Vietnam War. He rhetorically asked if the American Anti-War Movement ever realized the contemptuous laughter which he said their actions had always provoked among the elderly men in the Soviet Politburo. Solzhenitsyn","life to large-scale philanthropy with special emphasis on local libraries world peace education and scientific research. With the fortune he made from business he built Carnegie Hall and the Peace Palace and founded the Carnegie Corporation of New York Carnegie Endowment for International Peace Carnegie Institution for Science Carnegie Trust","is unknown where he was educated but it is likely that he initially studied writing and philosophy (the \"belles lettres\") in his home city of Aberdeen. He then went to the continent and was a professor of mathematics in Paris by the start of the seventeenth century. There he published","medieval historians such as Geoffrey of Monmouth also reinforced Alfred's favourable image. By the time of the Reformation Alfred was seen as being a pious Christian ruler who promoted the use of English rather than Latin and so the translations that he commissioned were viewed as untainted by the later","Johnson lived with his mother for part of his service and one of Selby's employees taught him rudimentary literacy skills. His education was augmented by citizens who would come to Selby's shop to read to the tailors as they worked. Even before he became an apprentice Johnson came to listen.","resigned in the middle of the term but his students refused. Smith's tutoring job entailed touring Europe with Scott during which time he educated Scott on a variety of subjects\u2014such as proper Polish. He was paid £300 per year (plus expenses) along with a £300 per year pension; roughly twice","and other antimicrobial medicines was endorsed at the Sixty-eighth World Health Assembly in May 2015. One of the key objectives of the plan is to improve awareness and understanding of antimicrobial resistance through effective communication education and training. React based in Sweden has produced informative material on AMR for the","securing funding for their research. He also pushed for public education in the sciences. He founded two organizations and Musée des Arts et Métiers which were created to serve as educational tools for the public. Funded by the wealthy and noble the Lycée regularly taught courses to the public beginning","service this need. The vast northern forest reserves of softwood allow Alberta to produce large quantities of lumber oriented strand board (OSB) and plywood and several plants in northern Alberta supply North America and the Pacific Rim nations with bleached wood pulp and newsprint. In 1999 lumber products from Alberta","diagnosed reason for it to be used and that if it were used never to use too little or for too short a period since these are the circumstances under which bacterial resistance to antibiotics develops. The popular story of Winston Churchill's father paying for Fleming's education after Fleming's father","and Liberty cinemas after the Second World War. A majority of Art Deco buildings in Mumbai were built by a breed of architects (mostly Indian) who were trained along the ideologies of modern architecture of the time. Other than their education most of these architects were also sponsored by their","centrist Cánovas del Castillo became the spokesman. As having Alfonso in Spain would be a problem Cánovas became responsible for his education. He sent Alfonso to the Royal Military College Sandhurst in England where the training Alfonso received was severe but more cosmopolitan than in Spain given the current atmosphere.","revolution and the following Reign of Terror (1793-4) by escaping to Arcueil where Cauchy received his first education from his father. After the execution of Robespierre (1794) it was safe for the family to return to Paris. There Louis-François Cauchy found himself a new bureaucratic job in 1800 and quickly","a man of education rather than a poor farmer. Scholars have long recognized that Amos utilized an ancient hymn within his prophecy verses of which are found at 4.13; 5.8\u20139; 8.8; 9.5\u20136. This hymn is best understood as praising YHWH for His judgment demonstrated in His destructive power rather than","a continuum that reflects minute variations in the Australian accent. They can reflect the social class education and urban or rural background of speakers though such indicators are not always reliable. According to linguists the general Australian variant emerged some time before 1900. Recent generations have seen a comparatively smaller","remember was a John Wayne movie.\" Schwarzenegger's brother Meinhard died in a car crash on May 20 1971. He was driving drunk and died instantly. Schwarzenegger did not attend his funeral. Meinhard was engaged to Erika Knapp and they had a three-year-old son named Patrick. Schwarzenegger paid for Patrick's education","in Western states and have received rudimentary combat training. Other analysts have described al-Qaeda's rank and file as being \"predominantly Arab\" in its first years of operation and now also includes \"other peoples\" . It has been estimated that 62% of al-Qaeda members have university education. Some financing for al-Qaeda","The section of the Pentagon that was struck which had recently been renovated at a cost of $250 million housed the Naval Command Center. In all there were 189 deaths at the Pentagon site including the 125 in the Pentagon building in addition to the 64 on board the aircraft. Passenger Barbara","ignore him because they think themselves educated enough. In Late Antiquity Martianus Capella organized all the information a fifth-century upper-class male needed to know into an allegory of the wedding of Mercury and \"Philologia\" with the seven liberal arts the young man needed to know as guests. Other early allegories","Andel and DeVos families were the second third and fifth largest donors to the Republican party. Dick DeVos son of Amway founder Richard DeVos and past president of the company served as Finance Chairman of the Republican National Committee and his wife Betsy DeVos served as chair of the Michigan","the 2012 Delhi gang rape case. He founded the Harivansh Rai Bachchan Memorial Trust named after his father in 2013. Bachchan was made a UNICEF goodwill ambassador for the polio Eradication Campaign in India in 2002. In 2013 he and his family donated to a charitable trust Plan India that","western homelands and Yahya expressed his disappointment at the lack of religious education and negligence of Islamic law among his southern Sanhaja people. With Abu Imran's recommendation Yahya ibn Ibrahim made his way to the \"ribat\" of Waggag ibn Zelu in the Sous valley of southern Morocco to seek out","established a Soviet-style Central Committee in which Karmal and Mir Akbar Khyber were given leading positions. Most ministries were given to Parchamites; Hassan Sharq became Deputy Prime Minister Major Faiz Mohammad became Minister of Internal Affairs and Nematullah Pazhwak became Minister of Education. The Parchamites took control over the ministries","called Björkö (birköö). The third was in Westgötaland (westergötlandh) and was called Skara (skara). In search of Birka National Antiquarian Johan Hadorph was the first to attempt excavations on Björkö in the late 17th century. In the late 19th century Hjalmar Stolpe an entomologist by education arrived on Björkö to","of possession of \"extreme pornography\". Another contrasting case was that of Stephen Lock in 2013 who was cleared of actual bodily harm on the grounds that the woman consented. In this case the act was deemed to be sexual. The United States Federal law does not list a specific criminal","of Le Gonidec. Following proposals made during the 1920s the KLT and Vannetais orthographies were merged in 1941 to create an orthographic system to represent all four dialects. This \"\" (\"wholly unified\") orthography was significant for the inclusion of the \"zh\" digraph which represents a in Vannetais and corresponds to","The city is divided into 4 districts: Birinchi May Lenin Oktyabr and Sverdlov. Chong-Aryk and Orto-Say are part of Lenin District. Bishkek is home to Spartak the largest football stadium in Kyrgyzstan and the only one eligible to host international matches. Several Bishkek-based football teams play on this pitch including","as it was called was repeatedly called upon by Gladstone for support for his moralistic foreign policy. In election after election Protestant ministers rallied their congregations to the Liberal ticket. In Scotland the Presbyterians played a similar role to the Nonconformist Methodists Baptists and other groups in England and Wales.","opportunities for higher education her study and watercolours of fungi led to her being widely respected in the field of mycology. In her thirties Potter self-published the highly successful children's book \"The Tale of Peter Rabbit\". Potter began writing and illustrating children's books full-time. Potter wrote about 30 books; the","he is educated. Years later Longshanks grants his noblemen land and privileges in Scotland including \"Prima Nocte\". Meanwhile a grown Wallace returns to Scotland and falls in love with his childhood friend Murron MacClannough and the two marry in secret. Wallace rescues Murron from being raped by English soldiers but","for the blue crane. Other conservation measures are focusing on research habitat management education and recruiting the help of private landowners. The blue crane is one of the species to which the \"Agreement on the Conservation of African-Eurasian Migratory Waterbirds\" (AEWA) applies. The blue crane is culturally significant to the","was quickly associated with the Modernism movement blooming in the Los Angeles music scene. Among the distinct elements of the Beach Boys' style were the nasal quality of their singing voices their use of a falsetto harmony over a driving locomotive-like melody and the sudden chiming in of the whole","can be found in libraries universities and specialist education centers as well as being privately owned by blind individuals. Particularly with some lower-priced embossers it may be necessary to use an acoustic cabinet or hood to dampen the noise level. Braille embossers usually need special braille paper which is thicker","banking and insurance industries back to the Bank. In 2011 the interim Financial Policy Committee (FPC) was created as a mirror committee to the MPC to spearhead the Bank's new mandate on financial stability. The FPC is responsible for macro prudential regulation of all UK banks and insurance companies. To","for private use by Harun al-Rashid flourished into an unrivaled intellectual center of science medicine philosophy and education and had the largest selection of books in the world by the middle of the 9th century. Baghdad was likely the largest city in the world from shortly after its foundation until","on the Gospel of John do not\u2014that Jonah and Jesus are Jews and that they make decisions of salvation-historical consequence \"as Jews\". NCSY director of education Dovid Bashevkin sees Jonah as a thoughtful prophet who comes to religion out of a search for theological truth and is constantly disappointed by","presence or not of rapid cycling) and cognitive performance are the best predictors of employment outcomes in individuals with bipolar disorder followed by symptoms of depression and years of education. A naturalistic study from first admission for mania or mixed episode (representing the hospitalized and therefore most severe cases) found","(due to the predominance of French as the \"language of the educated\") there exists a wealth of oral literature which is often tales of kings and heroes. This oral literature is mainly tradited by the griots (\"Jeliw\" in Bambara) who are a mixture of storytellers praise singers and human history","and \"B. priscus\") was due to natural selection (see section \"Evolution and genetic history\"). As of July 2015 an estimated 4900 bison lived in Yellowstone National Park the largest U.S. bison population on public land. During 1983\u20131985 visitors experienced 33 bison-related injuries (range = 10\u201313/year) so the park implemented education","He was educated at Lapal Primary School Halesowen Grammar School (now The Earls High School Halesowen) and King Edward's School Birmingham an all-boys independent school where he captained the school's rugby union team. He then studied English Literature at Pembroke College University of Cambridge. Whilst at Cambridge University Oddie appeared","Federation between 300000 and 500000 women and girls play baseball around the world including Little League and the introductory game of Tee Ball. A varsity baseball team is an established part of physical education departments at most high schools and colleges in the United States. In 2008 nearly half a","Great Britain it had to rely on the proficiency of a skilled labor force and an ability to export innovative and high quality goods. Therefore designers were needed and so was a new type of art education. The school's philosophy stated that the artist should be trained to work with","aid is received by Portuguese-speaking countries. Brazil concentrates its aid for Portuguese-speaking countries in the education sector specially in secondary and post-secondary education but it is more committed to agricultural development in other countries. Estimated to be around $1 billion annually Brazil is on par with China and India and","in Tasmania and Harold Donald and Una all emigrated. Maud Montgomery took little active interest in the education of her young children other than to have them taught by tutors brought from Britain. The loveless environment made Bernard something of a bully as he himself recalled \"I was a dreadful","the former Kings of Belgium within the Royal Crypt. Nowadays most residents of Brussels are nonreligious with only about 10% of Catholics regularly attending church services. In reflection of its multicultural makeup Brussels hosts a variety of religious communities as well as large numbers of atheists and agnostics. Minority faiths","country's first institution of higher education. The Polytechnic University of Bobo-Dioulasso in Bobo-Dioulasso was opened in 1995. According to the total population was in compared to only 4 284 000 in 1950. The proportion of children below the age of 15 in 2010 was 45.3% 52.4% was between 15 and","to Leiden University where he taught his perception and philosophy. Boerhaave's notion of the systematic body burgeoned throughout Europe and consequently aiding in the transformation of medical educations in European schools. Boerhaave's intuition struck up a great deal of interest among other critical medical thinkers \u2013 one being Friedrich Hoffmann","Slovenia Greece or Bulgaria but also from Germany Italy France and Austria. Is annual festival of monodrama held in April in organization of Centre of Culture of Bitola every year many actors from all over the world come in Bitola to play monodramas. Is authentic cultural and tourist event which","strong bilateral relationship particularly on defence co-operation trade and education. The UK continues to play a strong role in developing Brunei\u2019s oil and gas sector and the Brunei Investment Agency is a significant investor in the UK with their largest overseas operations in the City of London. The UK remains","or \u201cteacher\u201d symbolizing his emphasis on educating his audience members and fans about relevant social issues surrounding the African-American experience. During his time in association with Boogie Down Productions KRS-One joined with other rappers to create the Stop the Violence Movement which addressed many of the issues brought about through","the Commons. Newspapers reported his ennoblement the following morning. In addition to the viscounty bestowed on Mary Anne Disraeli; the earldom of Beaconsfield was to have been bestowed on Edmund Burke in 1797 but he had died before receiving it. The name Beaconsfield a town near Hughenden also was given","braille usage has declined. However because it teaches spelling and punctuation braille education remains important for developing reading skills among blind and visually impaired children and braille literacy correlates with higher employment rates. Braille was based on a tactile military code called night writing developed by Charles Barbier in response","to open not before the end of 2017. The new BER will have an initial capacity of 35-40 million passengers a year. Due to increasing air traffic in Berlin and Brandenburg plans for airport expansions are in the making (as of 2017). In 2016 around 49000 students were enrolled in","manuals. Other popular how-to books include cookbooks and home improvement books. Students typically store and carry textbooks and schoolbooks for study purposes. Elementary school pupils often use workbooks which are published with spaces or blanks to be filled by them for study or homework. In US higher education it is","\"Top 100 influential people in media\" in 2001. According to \"Forbes\" Gates was ranked as the fourth most powerful person in the world in 2012 up from fifth in 2011. In 1994 he was honored as the twentieth Distinguished Fellow of the British Computer Society. In 1999 Gates received New","education level health of the populace economic status religious affiliations and other aspects of the population. At 206.1 persons per km². Burundi has the second-largest population density in Sub-Saharan Africa. Most people live on farms near areas of fertile volcanic soil. The population is made up of three major ethnic","Invitational Interscholastic Basketball Tournament was held from 1941 to 1967 starting out at Tuskegee Institute. Following a pause during World War II it resumed at Tennessee State College in Nashville. The basis for the champion dwindled after 1954 when \"Brown v. Board of Education\" began an integration of schools. The","troops of the U.S. Army. Until recent years the Air Force suffered somewhat from fuel shortages; a problem which was overcome in 2008. Fighter pilots have year-round flights but gunship pilots do not fly often due to the yet unfulfilled modernization of the Mi-24 gunships. Due to financial difficulties fighter","which begins by the village inn Klemens Kro and Slamrebjergvej just outside Nexø extending northward from the main road from Rønne. Along the coast there are several steep roads which is also the case in some parts of Denmark as a whole for instance in and around Vejle. The island","without inducing injury. The wearying travel schedule and 162-game season meant that amphetamines usually in the form of pep pills known as \"greenies\" had been widespread in baseball since at least the 1960s. Baseball's drug scene was no particular secret having been discussed in \"Sports Illustrated\" and in Jim Bouton's","decision support systems. Almost all educational programmes in biostatistics are at postgraduate level. They are most often found in schools of public health affiliated with schools of medicine forestry or agriculture or as a focus of application in departments of statistics. In the United States where several universities have dedicated","education level health of the populace economic status religious affiliations and various other aspects. A July 2009 estimate placed the population of the British Virgin Islands at 24491. In 2003 21.9% of the population was under 15 (male 2401; female 2358) 73.1% between 15 and 64 (male 8181; female 7709)","both Spain and France the use of Basque for education varies from region to region and from school to school. A language isolate Basque is believed to be one of the few surviving pre-Indo-European languages in Europe and the only one in Western Europe. The origin of the Basques and","physicians teachers lawyers and skilled workers. The direct cost of manpower losses to East Germany (and corresponding gain to the West) has been estimated at $7 billion to $9 billion with East German party leader Walter Ulbricht later claiming that West Germany owed him $17 billion in compensation including reparations as well as","laboratory for further research and education to permit the \"[increased] diffusion of knowledge relating to the deaf\". This resulted in the founding of the Volta Bureau c. 1887 located at Bell's father's house at 1527 35th Street in Washington D.C. where its carriage house became their headquarters in 1889. In","operations in Darfur. During a recent UN inspection a U.S. Department of Defense evaluation team found Burkina's \"Laafi\" battalion fit to deploy to Sudan. Using a small Department of Defense International Military Education and Training (IMET) budget the U.S. Embassy has established English-language courses at an LAT military base and","railway station of Shimiliguda was the first highest broad gauge railway station in the country. Visakhapatnam Airport is the only airport in the state with operating international flights while Vijayawada Airport at Gannavaram is set to launch international flights shortly. The state has four other domestic airports Rajahmundry Airport at","Neo-Platonic philosopher mathematician and scientist who lived in Kufa and Baghdad (modern day Iraq). After being appointed by the Abbasid Caliphs to translate Greek scientific and philosophical texts into Arabic he wrote a number of original treatises of his own on a range of subjects from metaphysics and ethics to","control most of the troops under his direct command well during the period starting in late 1996. Massoud always controlled the Panjshir Takhar parts of Parwan and Badakhshan during the war. Some other provinces (notably Kunduz Baghlan Nuristan and the north of Kabul) were captured by his forces from the","Monmouth Boys' School in Pontypool. He remained there for five terms and was then educated at Cowbridge Grammar School in the Vale of Glamorgan. In a 2002 interview he stated: \"I was a poor learner which left me open to ridicule and gave me an inferiority complex. I grew up","Company USA c. 1960. It was programmed using patch cords that connected nine operational amplifiers and other components. General Electric also marketed an \"educational\" analog computer kit of a simple design in the early 1960s consisting of a two transistor tone generator and three potentiometers wired such that the frequency","family for the price of their house. Chekhov had to pay for his own education which he managed by private tutoring catching and selling goldfinches and selling short sketches to the newspapers among other jobs. He sent every ruble he could spare to his family in Moscow along with humorous","the practical application of that knowledge. Within the various schools that teach conservation of cultural heritage the approach differs according to the educational and vocational system within the country and the focus of the school itself. This is acknowledged by the American Institute for Conservation who advise \"Specific admission requirements","used in undergraduate education is the determination of the amount of water in a hydrate by heating the sample to remove the water such that the difference in weight is due to the loss of water. Titration involves the addition of a reactant to a solution being analyzed until some","Report included developing a choice of model specifications and moving from Acadia-issued student-leased notebook computers to a student-owned computer model. The compelling rationale for this was the integral role technology now plays in our lives which was not present in 1996. The University was also advised to unbundle its tuition","in 1987 from the National Institute for Higher Education Dublin (now Dublin City University) with a degree in Communications Studies. Together with Kevin Gildea and Barry Murphy O'Hanlon founded the International Comedy Cellar upstairs in the International Bar on Dublin's South Wicklow Street. Dublin had no comedy scene at the","has since served as the anthem of the Pan-Slavic movement the anthem of the Sokol physical education and political movement the anthem of the SFR Yugoslavia and the transitional anthem of the State Union of Serbia and Montenegro. The song is also considered to be the second unofficial anthem of","the \"Adventist Review Kids Review and Sabbath Herald\". It has grown to a large worldwide denomination and has a significant network of medical and educational institutions. Miller did not join any of the movements and he spent the last few years of his life working for unity before dying in","an Egotist\" are both avowedly influenced by Rousseau. An English example is William Hazlitt's \"Liber Amoris\" (1823) a painful examination of the writer's love-life. With the rise of education cheap newspapers and cheap printing modern concepts of fame and celebrity began to develop and the beneficiaries of this were not","59. The senior population distribution is 1588 people or 10.0% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old 1219 people or 7.7% are between 70 and 79 there are 942 people or 5.9% who are between 80 and 89and there are 180 people or 1.1% who are 90","to Mahagonny. The music is surprisingly simple; just a simple solo with a short chorus and sparse orchestration. The music is not some baroque contrapuntal scheme nor is it a Romantic forest of sound; rather the music is very easy to listen to. This music setting matches with the idea","the target of jokes in some Athenian comedies. Aristophanes for instance mockingly alludes to the practice claiming \"Most citizens are \"europroktoi\" (wide-arsed) now.\" The terms \"kinaidos\" \"europroktoi\" and \"katapygon\" were used by Greek residents to categorize men who chronically practiced passive anal intercourse. While pedagogic pederasty was an essential element","States Department of Education and the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission of sexual harassment. Hill was born in Lone Tree Oklahoma the youngest of 13 children of Albert and Erma Hill who were farmers. Her family came from Arkansas where her great-grandparents and her maternal grandfather Henry Eliot were born into","for engravings Dürer's work was restricted to portraits and illustrations for his treatise. The portraits include Cardinal-Elector Albert of Mainz; Frederick the Wise elector of Saxony; the humanist scholar Willibald Pirckheimer; Philipp Melanchthon and Erasmus of Rotterdam. For those of the Cardinal Melanchthon and Dürer's final major work a drawn","Fort where Aurangzeb received his formal education in Arabic and Persian. His daily allowance was fixed at Rs. 500 which he spent on religious education and the study of history. On 28 May 1633 Aurangzeb escaped death when a powerful war elephant stampeded through the Mughal Imperial encampment. He rode","psychotherapy in its residual phase has been suggested by some studies. Antidepressants are recommended by the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) for the treatment of generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) that has failed to respond to conservative measures such as education and self-help activities. GAD is a common","Initiative. Alec Baldwin Ellen Barkin Katori Hall Dustin Hoffman Scarlett Johansson Tony Kushner Michael Mayer Jim McElhinney Julianne Moore Liam Neeson Lynn Nottage David O. Russell Liev Schreiber all serve on the Master Arts Council. Son-in-law Daniel Day-Lewis serves on the current board of directors. The foundation celebrated Miller's 100th","enthusiasts are using the northward march of the armadillo as an opportunity to educate others about the animals which can be a burrowing nuisance to property owners and managers. Armadillo shells have traditionally","born on December 4 1902. Berg had little formal music education before he became a student of Arnold Schoenberg in October 1904. With Schoenberg he studied counterpoint music theory and harmony. By 1906 he was studying music full-time; by 1907 he began composition lessons. His student compositions included five drafts","On 19 July 2011 Aon announced that it bought Westfield Financial Corp. the owner of insurance-industry consulting firm Ward Financial Group from Ohio Farmers Insurance Co. Financial terms were not disclosed. On 7 April 2011 Aon announced that it had acquired Johannesburg South Africa-based Glenrand MIB. Financial terms were not","with which she has shared her life. Widdecombe adopted two goats at the Buttercups Goat Sanctuary in Boughton Monchelsea near Maidstone although one later died. In an interview Widdecombe talked about her appreciation of music despite describing herself as \"pretty well tone-deaf\". Her non-political accomplishments include being a popular novelist.","service to God an event that left a deep impression on Salieri for the rest of his life. Salieri's education included instruction in Latin and Italian poetry by Fr. Don Pietro Tommasi instruction in the German language and European literature. His music studies revolved around vocal composition and thoroughbass. His","Gliding airfields nearby are in Heubach and Bartholomä. Bicycle routes stretching through Aalen are the \"Deutscher Limes-Radweg\" (\"German Limes Bicycle Route\") and the \"Kocher-Jagst\" Bicycle Route. Aalen houses an Amtsgericht (local district court) chambers of the Stuttgart Labour Court a notary's office a tax office and an employment agency. It","Danish jurist. Aagesen was educated for the law at Christianshavn and Copenhagen and interrupted his studies in 1848 to take part in the First Schleswig War in which he served as the leader of a reserve battalion. In 1855 Aagesen became a professor of jurisprudence at the University of Copenhagen.","in turn loaded from the boot sector. Much public domain CP/M software was made available for the CPC from word-processors such as VDE to complete bulletin board systems such as ROS. Although it was possible to obtain compilers for Locomotive BASIC C and Pascal the majority of the CPC's software","setting. Major movements in modern a cappella over the past century include Barbershop and doo wop. The Barbershop Harmony Society Sweet Adelines International and Harmony Inc. host educational events including Harmony University Directors University and the International Educational Symposium and international contests and conventions recognizing international champion choruses and quartets.","and Nagasaki in August 1945. In August 1945 with the war ended Bohr returned to Denmark where he resumed his university education graduating with a master's degree in 1946 with a thesis concerned with some aspects of atomic stopping power problems. In early 1948 Bohr became a member of the","grammatical case. In written Arabic nunation is indicated by doubling the vowel diacritic at the end of the word. Users of Arabic usually write long vowels but omit short ones so readers must utilize their knowledge of the language in order to supply the missing vowels. However in the education","and winter or in the cold regions of the country; there are two dates where consumption of chocolate infusions is traditional in the primary educational centres: 25 May and 9 July that is the two national dates of Argentina. English cultural influence (reinforced at the end of the 19th century","Stanley (as his mother and sister always called Eddington) was educated at home before spending three years at a preparatory school. The family lived at a house called Varzin 42 Walliscote Road Weston-super-Mare. There is a commemorative plaque on the building explaining Sir Arthur's contribution to science. In 1893 Eddington","Koh near Sheberghan in Jowzjan Province Afghanistan. Coming from an impoverished Uzbek family he received a very basic traditional education as he was forced to drop out of school at a young age. From there he took up work in the village's major gas fields. Dostum began working in 1970","aided by the importance of post-secondary education centres provided by Acadia University in Wolfville and the Nova Scotia Community College campuses located in Kentville Middleton Lawrencetown and Digby. Michelin has an important truck tire manufacturing plant in Waterville and the Department of National Defence has its largest air force base","development research center was founded in 2004. In The Philippines the Albertus Magnus Building at the University of Santo Tomas that houses the Conservatory of Music College of Tourism and Hospitality Management College of Education and UST Education High School is named in his honor. The Saint Albert the Great","of aviation in October 1908 Mr. Lawson started the magazine \"Fly\" to stimulate public interest and educate readers in the fundamentals of the new science of aviation. It sold for 10 cents a copy from newsstands across the country. In 1910 moving to New York City he renamed the magazine","Germany's leading institutes of higher education in technology the RWTH Aachen University is located in the city. Aachen's industries include science engineering and information technology. In 2009 Aachen was ranked eighth among cities in Germany for innovation. The name \"Aachen\" is a modern descendant like southern German \"Ach(e)\" \"Aach\" meaning","is based on Kay's Dynabook ideal. Kay is a prominent co-developer of the computer focusing on its educational software using Squeak and Etoys. Kay has lectured extensively on the idea that the computer revolution is very new and all of the good ideas have not been universally implemented. Lectures at","for $50 a year within walking distance of Emerson's house; he named it Dove Cottage though they also called it Concordia Cottage. A supporter of Alcott's philosophies Emerson offered to help with his writing which proved a difficult task. After several revisions for example he deemed the essay \"Psyche\" (Alcott's","Bringing with him from York his assistants Pyttel Sigewulf and Joseph Alcuin revolutionised the educational standards of the Palace School introducing Charlemagne to the liberal arts and creating a personalised atmosphere of scholarship and learning to the extent that the institution came to be known as the 'school of Master","launched services with the National Education Association the American Federation of Teachers \"National Geographic\" the Smithsonian Institution the Library of Congress Pearson Scholastic ASCD NSBA NCTE Discovery Networks Turner Education Services (CNN Newsroom) NPR The Princeton Review Stanley Kaplan Barron's Highlights for Kids the U.S. Department of Education and many","capital through advanced education before engaging in politics. Aga Khan called on the British Raj to consider Muslims to be a separate nation within India the so-called 'Two Nation Theory'. Even after he resigned as president of the AIML in 1912 he still exerted major influence on its policies and","Public accommodations include most places of lodging (such as inns and hotels) recreation transportation education and dining along with stores care providers and places of public displays. Under Title III of the ADA all new construction (construction modification or alterations) after the effective date of the ADA (approximately July 1992)","education to the young. Some abbeys offer accommodation to people who are seeking spiritual retreat. There are many famous abbeys across Europe. The earliest known Christian monasteries were groups of huts built near the residence of a famous ascetic or other holy person. Disciples wished to be close to their","shelter education and information. It depends not only on income but also on access to services.\" In 2008 \"extreme poverty\" widely refers to earning below the international poverty line of $1.25/day (in 2005 prices) set by the World Bank. This measure is the equivalent to earning $1.00 a day in","was in that time period that the economic impact of Acapulco as a tourist destination increased positively and as a result a new type of services emerged like the Colegio Nautilus. This educational project backed by the state government was created for the families of local and foreign investors and","Greece. Great solicitude was devoted to the education of Nicholas as tsesarevich whereas Alexander received only the training of an ordinary Grand Duke of that period. This included acquaintance with French English and German and military drill. Alexander became Tsesarevich upon Nicholas's sudden death in 1865; it was then that","on the topic and attempting to test the phenomena he witnessed at séances he came to accept that the belief was connected to a natural reality. For the rest of his life he remained convinced that at least some séance phenomena were genuine no matter how many accusations of fraud","the summit of every virtue both political and moral. He was educated in the Palace of the King D. Afonso V in whose palaestra he strove emulously to become the rival of that African Mars\u201d. Afonso served 10 years in North Africa where he gained military experience in fierce campaigns","revealed that the patient had been given a cocktail of anesthetics. In 2010 UNESCO inscribed \"acupuncture and moxibustion of traditional Chinese medicine\" on the UNESCO Intangible Cultural Heritage List following China's nomination. Acupuncture is popular in China the US Australia and Europe including all five Nordic countries though less so","as these accounts reflect a tradition hostile to Tiberius and Sejnaus. They may have been circulated by Agrippina's supporters or they may have emerged after Sejanus' fall in AD 31. He adds: \"These stories are plausible though not certain to be true.\" Augustus was proud of Agrippina. Suetonius claims that","1990s. The first microcomputer implementation of APL was on the Intel 8008-based MCM/70 the first general purpose personal computer in 1973. Size of arrays along any dimension could not be larger than 255 and the machine was quite slow but very convenient for education purposes. Interestingly a significant percentage of","Grani (Aachen). He was educated there as the pupil and then friend of the great English scholar Alcuin. When Charlemagne sent his young son Pepin to Italy as King of the Lombards Angilbert went along as \"primicerius palatii\" a high administrator of the satellite court. As the friend and adviser","to the building exhibitions and other cultural and educative activities at Casa Milà. Casa Milà was built for Roser Segimón and her husband Pere Milà. Roser Segimon was the wealthy widow of Josep Guardiola an \"Indiano or Americano\" or former colonist returned from South America had made his fortune with","to such beliefs as they were educated by their society. Stewart Guthrie saw animism \u2013 or \"attribution\" as he preferred it \u2013 as an evolutionary strategy to aid survival. He argued that both humans and other animal species view inanimate objects as potentially alive as a means of being constantly","most of his major works while working there. There were four similar institutions in Venice; their purpose was to give shelter and education to children who were abandoned or orphaned or whose families could not support them. They were financed by funds provided by the Republic. The boys learned a","Praedicandi\" or \"The Art of Preaching\". This work shows how Alan saw theological education as being a fundamental preliminary step in preaching and strove to give clergyman a manuscript to be \u201cused as a practical manual\u201d when it came to the formation of sermons and art of preaching. Alan wrote","dramatically increased the scope of scholarly research. In fact eight important fragments have now been compiled from papyri \u2014 frs. 9 38A 42 45 34 129 130 and most recently S262. These fragments typically feature lacunae or gaps that scholars fill with 'educated guesses' including for example a \"brilliant supplement\"","since contact with the Ainu have in large part regarded them as a dirty backwards and a primitive people. The majority of Ainu were forced to be petty laborers during the Meiji Restoration which saw the introduction of Hokkaido into the Japanese Empire and the privatization of traditional Ainu lands.","was buried in an unmarked grave. Andrew became an orphan at age 14. He blamed the British personally for the loss of his brothers and mother. After the Revolutionary War Jackson received a sporadic education in a local Waxhaw school. On bad terms with much of his extended family he","d'Études at the École des Hautes Études en Sciences Sociales in Paris Professeur in the Collège de France and Annenberg Visiting Professor of History at the University of Pennsylvania. He frequently lectures and teaches in the United States Spain Mexico Brazil and Argentina. His work in Early Modern European History","famous Origen one of the greatest Fathers of the Christian Church. Alexander's mother Julia Mammaea asked for Origen to tutor Alexander in Christianity. While Alexander was being educated in the Christian doctrines the northern portion of his empire was being invaded by Germanic and Sarmatian tribes. A new and menacing","actualized this ideal by allowing his son to educate himself within the walls of his well-stocked library. French Enlightenment masterpieces such as Georges-Louis Leclerc comte de Buffon's \"Histoire naturelle générale et particulière\" (begun in 1749) and Denis Diderot and Jean le Rond d'Alembert's \"Encyclopédie\" (volumes added between 1751 and 1772)","claimant to the title his wife Irene Doukaina. Dalassena was the effective administrator of the Empire during Alexios' long absences in military campaigns: she was constantly at odds with her daughter-in-law and had assumed total responsibility for the upbringing and education of her granddaughter Anna Komnene. Alexios' last years were","advances in science and technology and to raise global awareness of the importance of ethics in science. In March 2008 it was announced that Avicenna's name would be used for new Directories of education institutions for health care professionals worldwide. The Avicenna Directories will list universities and schools where doctors","as an established church bound up by its structure in the life and interests of civil society. Repeatedly throughout Anglican history this principle has reasserted itself in movements of social justice. For instance in the 18th century the influential evangelical Anglican William Wilberforce along with others campaigned against the slave","namely the Aigaleo Beltway (A65) and the Hymettus Beltway (A64) serve parts of western and eastern Athens respectively. The span of the Attiki Odos in all its length is making it the largest metropolitan motorway network in all of Greece. Located on Panepistimiou Street the old campus of the University","others. The descendants of the founders of American civilization may still possess the ancestral qualities. These qualities are generally hidden under the cloak of degeneration. But this degeneration is often superficial. It comes chiefly from education idleness lack of responsibility and moral discipline. The sons of very rich men like","2006 World Orienteering Championships the 2006 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships and the GF World Cup (women's handball). Aarhus is on average host to one or two international sailing competitions every year and hosted the ISAF Youth Sailing World Championships in 2008 and will in 2018 host the ISAF Sailing World","colonisation. \"Anguillian\" is believed to have emerged as the language of the masses as time passed slavery was abolished and locals began to see themselves as \"belonging\" to Anguillian society. There are six government primary schools one government secondary school (Albena Lake Hodge Comprehensive School) and two private schools. There","Norwegian newspaper Aftenposten that Jews can no longer be safe in the city anymore due to the risk of violent assaults. \"We Jews no longer feel at home here in the Netherlands. Many people talk about moving to Israel\" he said. According to the Anne Frank Foundation antisemitism in the","Armenia in 2008-2009. According to AzerNews the weapons in this latest transfer include 21 tanks 12 armored vehicles five other battle machines a great number of rocket launchers over 1050 cases of grenades nearly 7900 types of ammunition 120 grenade launchers over 4000 sub-machine guns TNT fuses mines of various","out with soapy water. Garner then won a place at Manchester Grammar School where he received his secondary education; entry was means-tested resulting in his school fees being waived. Rather than focusing his interest on creative writing it was here that he excelled at sprinting. He used to go jogging","education level health of the populace economic status religious affiliations and other aspects of the population. The following demographic statistics are from the CIA World Factbook unless otherwise indicated. Major Christian denominations on the island include the Congregational Christian Church in American Samoa the Roman Catholic Church the Church of","education level health economic status religious affiliations and other aspects of the population. After registering a steady increase all through the Soviet period the population of Armenia declined from 3.604 million in 1991 to 3.211 million in 2003. The latest estimate is 2.872 million on October 12 2011. Armenia is","1852 Dr. John McHale Archbishop of Tuam set aside land in Bunnacurry for the building of a monastery. A Franciscan Monastery was built which for many years provided an education for local children. The ruins of this monastery are still to be seen in Bunnacurry today. The historic Valley House","Alvah Miller who was the son of Nathaniel's first marriage. A member of the American upper class Frederick had been sent to Switzerland for his education. He was considered personable and friendly by those who knew him. He soon developed a romantic relationship with Clara and they were married in","of European colonizers: Schweitzer was one of colonialism's harshest critics. In a sermon that he preached on 6 January 1905 before he had told anyone of his plans to dedicate the rest of his life to work as a doctor in Africa he said: Schweitzer was nonetheless still sometimes accused","Paterson. In 1945 he joined the Merchant Marines to earn money to continue his education at Columbia. While at Columbia Ginsberg contributed to the \"Columbia Review\" literary journal the \"Jester\" humor magazine won the Woodberry Poetry Prize served as president of the Philolexian Society (literary and debate group) and joined","the Deaf wherein ASL originated and the rise of community organizations for the Deaf. Throughout West Africa ASL-based sign languages are spoken by educated Deaf adults. These languages imported by boarding schools are often considered by associations to be the official sign languages of their countries and are named accordingly","also use the music of the accordion. The accordion is widely taught in North Korea. It is known as the \"National Instrument.\" All North Korean student are expected to learn the accordion throughout their elementary and secondary education. On Kim Jong-il's birthday the most important public holiday in North Korea","after arriving there began renting the old Villa Santa Barbara as his Abbey on 2 April. Moving to the commune with Hirsig Shumway and their children Hansi Howard and Poupée Crowley described the scenario as \"perfectly happy ... my idea of heaven.\" They wore robes and performed rituals to the sun","or paid programs like General Assembly. Amazon Google Facebook IBM and Microsoft have established a non-profit partnership to formulate best practices on artificial intelligence technologies advance the public's understanding and to serve as a platform about artificial intelligence. They stated: \"This partnership on AI will conduct research organize discussions provide","overnight at an inn. Turing's natural inclination towards mathematics and science did not earn him respect from some of the teachers at Sherborne whose definition of education placed more emphasis on the classics. His headmaster wrote to his parents: \"I hope he will not fall between two stools. If he","court where as many as 300 sons of noblemen and gentlemen who had been sent to him for virtuous education had been brought up besides others of a lesser rank whom he fitted for the universities. His table attendance and officers were an honour to the nation. He would entertain","on 7 March 1836 and at the age of thirteen Alexander Mackenzie Jr. was thus forced to end his formal education in order to help support his family. He apprenticed as a stonemason and met his future wife Helen Neil in Irvine where her father was also a stonemason. The","requirements: education experience and examination. Educational requirements generally consist of a university degree in architecture. The experience requirement for degree candidates is usually satisfied by a practicum or internship (usually two to three years depending on jurisdiction). Finally a Registration Examination or a series of exams is required prior to","view of rhetoric. The most noticeable attack can be seen in his play Banqueters in which two brothers from different educational backgrounds argue over which education is better. One brother comes from a background of \u201cold-fashioned\u201d education while the other brother appears to be a product of the sophistic education","Uni SA in the top 300. Torrens University Australia is part of an international network of over 70 higher education institutions in more than 30 countries worldwide. The historic Torrens Building in Victoria Square houses Carnegie Mellon University's Heinz College Australia Cranfield University's Defence College of Management and Technology and","being a reform agenda in various","education conscription laws on food and morality and the like. Many anarchists view capitalism as an inherently authoritarian and hierarchical system and seek the expropriation of private property. There is disagreement between these left anarchists and laissez-faire anarcho-capitalists as the former generally rejects anarcho-capitalism as a form of anarchism and","stabilizing the local currency; developing private businesses; energy; the agriculture food processing transportation and health and education sectors; and ongoing rehabilitation work in the earthquake zone. Continued progress will depend on the ability of the government to strengthen its macroeconomic management including increasing revenue collection improving the investment climate and","gentleman detective. She demonstrates a remarkably thorough education including some art courses that involved study of human anatomy through the study of human cadavers. In \"They Do It with Mirrors\" (1952) it is revealed that Miss Marple grew up in a cathedral close and that she studied at an Italian","split apart by a straitlaced traducing of education and a narrow social moralism. Gide's work can be seen as an investigation of freedom and empowerment in the face of moralistic and puritanical constraints and centres on his continuous effort to achieve intellectual honesty. His self-exploratory texts reflect his search of","the main themes of Renaissance art. The movement owed a lot to the increasing sophistication of society characterised by political stability economic growth and cosmopolitanism. Education blossomed at this time with libraries and academies allowing more thorough research to be conducted into the culture of the antique world. In addition","feel pain in their lungs.\" In the 1930s Camus was affiliated with Left-wing groups like the \"Maison de Culture\" in Algiers which were highly critical of the French colonial regime's treatment of Algeria's Arab and indigenous inhabitants supporting the Blum-Viollette proposal to grant Algerians full French citizenship. His 1938 address","the country in Newsweek/The Daily Beast's \"America's Brainiac Schools\"\u2014based on the number of prestigious scholarships won (adjusted for student body size) including the Rhodes Scholarship the Truman Scholarship the Marshall Scholarship the Gates Scholarship (since 2001) and the Fulbright scholarship (since 1993). Also factored in are standardized test scores admissions","works for various merchandise including album art for his brother's band calendars clothing graphics educational books magazine covers posters and post cards. Watterson has said that he works for personal fulfillment. As he told the graduating class of 1990 at Kenyon College \"It's surprising how hard we'll work when the","was sent as a \"puer oblatus\" to the monastery of Monkwearmouth by his family to be educated by Benedict Biscop and later by Ceolfrith. Bede does not say whether it was already intended at that point that he would be a monk. It was fairly common in Ireland at this","a visiting professor at SIU Edwardsville where he designed the dome for the campus Religious Center. Fuller believed human societies would soon rely mainly on renewable sources of energy such as solar- and wind-derived electricity. He hoped for an age of \"omni-successful education and sustenance of all humanity.\" Fuller referred","and his sister Senda Berenson (1868\u20131954) an athlete and educator who was one of the first two women elected to the Basketball Hall of Fame. Following a brief modeling career in the late 1960s Berenson became a freelance photographer. By 1973 her photographs had been published in \"Life\" \"Glamour\" \"Vogue\"","graduate divisions of Columbia University admitted women. Columbia president William J. McGill predicted in 1970 that Barnard College and Columbia College would merge within five years. In 1973 Columbia and Barnard signed a three-year agreement to increase sharing classrooms facilities and housing and cooperation in faculty appointments which they described","workshops on their website under a Creative Commons license. The 4273π project or 4273pi project also offers open source educational materials for free. The course runs on low cost Raspberry Pi computers and has been used to teach adults and school pupils. 4273π is actively developed by a consortium of","the basis for generally accepted use in the law government literature and education in Britain. The standardisation of British English is thought to be from both dialect leveling and a thought of social superiority. Speaking in the Standard dialect created class distinctions; those who did not speak the standard English","Monkey X and True BASIC (the direct successor to Dartmouth BASIC from a company controlled by Kurtz). Several web-based simple BASIC interpreters also now exist including Quite BASIC and Microsoft's Small Basic (educational software). Versions of BASIC have been showing up for use on smartphones and tablets. Apple App Store","biking would be easy\". Parking in the office was also integral to HQ planning. Mitchell Moss who runs the Rudin Center for Transportation Policy & Management at New York University said in 2012: \"Biking has become the mode of choice for the educated high tech worker\". Bicycles offer an important","the development of a superior fire support vessel. These last two battleships were finally stricken from the U.S. Naval Vessel Register in 2006. The Military Balance and Russian states the U.S. Navy listed one battleship in the reserve (Naval Inactive Fleet/Reserve 2nd Turn) in 2010. The Military Balance states the","in South Australia as well as being the only one raised and educated in Western Australia. Hawke was born in Bordertown South Australia the second child of Arthur Hawke (1898-1989) (known as Clem) a Congregationalist minister and his wife Edith (known as Ellie) a schoolteacher. His uncle Albert was the","He was a child prodigy who was educated by his father a tax collector in Rouen. Pascal's earliest work was in the natural and applied sciences where he made important contributions to the study of fluids and clarified the concepts of pressure and vacuum by generalising the work of Evangelista","of Fame has since also sponsored educational programming on the Internet to bring the Hall of Fame to schoolchildren who might not visit. The Hall and Museum completed a series of renovations in spring 2005. The Hall of Fame also presents an annual exhibit at FanFest at the Major League","small child. George Jr. entered St. Mary's on June 13 1902. He was recorded as \"incorrigible\" and spent much of the next twelve years there. Although St. Mary's boys received an education students were also expected to learn work skills and help operate the school particularly once the boys turned","flag during the Boston busing crisis. The 1978 Pulitzer for Feature photography for staff coverage of The Blizzard of 1978. In 2006 the \"Herald\" won two SABEW awards from the Society of American Business Editors and Writers: one for its breaking news coverage of the takeover of the Boston-based Gillette","typically take up bassoon only after starting on another reed instrument such as clarinet or saxophone. Students in America often begin to pursue the study of bassoon performance and technique in the middle years of their music education. Students are often provided with a school instrument and encouraged to pursue","It was common practice for daughters of bourgeois families to receive art education so Berthe and her sisters Yves and Edma were taught privately by Geoffroy-Alphonse Chocarne and . Morisot and her sisters initially started taking lessons so that they could each make a drawing for their father for his","put down by government troops within two weeks. During and after the rebellion an estimated 200 slaves were killed outright with more than 300 judicially executed later by prosecution in the courts sometimes for minor offenses. Baptists were active after emancipation in promoting the education of former slaves; for example","the Spartans football coaching staff and graduated with a master's degree in physical education from San Jose State in 1959. His master's thesis was entitled \"Flank Formation Football -- Stress:: Defense\". Thesis 796.W228f. Following graduation Walsh coached the football and swim teams at Washington High School in Fremont California. Walsh","fruitful according to their kind in later years.\" He was educated in a private school run by the Rev. William Woods. After his recovery he grew up without further serious illnesses even excelling as an athlete (he was named University Athlete participating in multiple sports) at Trinity College Dublin which","post-secondary education campus do not charge a fare. In many jurisdictions bus drivers require a special licence above and beyond a regular driver's licence. Buses may be used for scheduled bus transport scheduled coach transport school transport private hire or tourism; promotional buses may be used for political campaigns and","Franklin did not try to work on them all at once. Instead he would work on one and only one each week \"leaving all others to their ordinary chance.\" While Franklin did not live completely by his virtues and by his own admission he fell short of them many times","\"linguistic chaos\" ensued. Eventually the eastern dialects prevailed and in 1899 the Ministry of Education officially codified a standard Bulgarian language based on the Drinov-Ivanchev orthography. The language is mainly split into two broad dialect areas based on the different reflexes of the Common Slavic yat vowel (Ѣ). This split","England on 26 August 1921. Russell arranged a hasty divorce from Alys marrying Dora six days after the divorce was finalised on 27 September 1921. Russell's children with Dora were John Conrad Russell 4th Earl Russell born on 16 November 1921 and Katharine Jane Russell (now Lady Katharine Tait) born","complete control over the party which was then arranged in a highly hierarchical structure. The BNP lacked any internal democracy with the grassroots membership having no formal powers. On taking power Griffin retained the leadership principle inherited from Tyndall. He nevertheless established an Advisory Council which would meet several times","Palestinian Heritage Center established in 1991. The center aims to preserve and promote Palestinian embroidery art and folklore. The International Center of Bethlehem is another cultural center that concentrates primarily on the culture of Bethlehem. It provides language and guide training woman's studies and arts and crafts displays and training.","had been governed by the PSC first with an absolute majority and later in coalition with ERC and ICV. After the May 2007 election the ERC did not renew the coalition agreement and the PSC governed in a minority coalition with ICV as the junior partner. After 32 years on","carry the double arrow logo. The Vale of Rheidol Railway was privatised in 1989 and continues to operate as a private heritage railway. Other preserved lines or heritage railways have reopened some lines previously closed by British Rail. These range from picturesque rural branch lines like the Keighley and Worth","libraries and cemeteries have been confiscated by the government and fatwas have been issued charging Bahá'ís with apostasy. The Egyptian identification card controversy began in the 1990s when the government modernized the electronic processing of identity documents which introduced a de facto requirement that documents must list the person's religion","initiated \"To Remove the Bald Eagle in the Lower 48 States From the List of Endangered and Threatened Wildlife.\" It was de-listed on June 28 2007. It has also been assigned a risk level of Least Concern category on the IUCN Red List. In the Exxon Valdez Oil Spill of","for educational correspondence courses from a company called \"Bennett's\" current during World War II. The original posters showed J. M. Bennett himself: a kindly-looking old man offering guidance and support to would-be students with the phrase \"Let me be your father\" attached. According to Burgess after Bennett's death his son","chapter 4 which is in the form of a letter from king Nebuchadnezzar; only the second half (chapters 7\u201312) is presented by Daniel himself introduced by the anonymous narrator in chapters 7 and 10. The real author/editor of Daniel was probably an educated Jew knowledgeable in Greek learning and of","\"école normale\" (an institute for training primary school teachers) was founded in Barcelonnette in 1833 and remained there until 1888 when it was transferred to Digne. The \"lycée André-Honnorat de Barcelonnette\" originally the \"collège Saint-Maurice\" and renamed after the politician André Honnorat in 1919 is located in the town; Pierre-Gilles","Association for Bear Research & Management also known as the International Bear Association and the Bear Specialist Group of the Species Survival","IDFA International Drug Free Athletics IPE International Pro Elite IPL International Physique League Model World Tour NASF North American Sports Federation Iron Sports Division is a non-profit educational officiating and program coordinating body for amateur adults and youth athletes participating in bodybuilding power lifting and Olympic weightlifting. NMA Natural Muscle","Johns Hopkins University and accident rates analyzed by National Safety Council show amateur boxing is a comparatively safe sport. In 1997 the American Association of Professional Ringside Physicians was established to create medical protocols through research and education to prevent injuries in boxing. Professional boxing is forbidden in Iceland Iran","sanctuaries the baptismal font may be designed to expressly allow for baptism by immersion. Anglicans baptize by submersion immersion affusion or sprinkling. According to evidence which can be traced back to at latest about the year 200 sponsors or godparents are present at baptism and vow to uphold the Christian","local Harvard Coaching Clinic at the age of six for weekly coaching sessions on Sundays. As a result Lara had a very early education in correct batting technique. Lara's first school was St. Joseph's Roman Catholic primary. He then went to San Juan Secondary School which is located on Moreau","AFI the largest nonprofit film exhibitor in the world. AFI educates audiences and recognizes artistic excellence through its awards programs and 10 Top 10 Lists. AFI educational and cultural programs include: In 1969 the institute established the AFI Conservatory for Advanced Film Studies at Greystone the Doheny Mansion in Beverly","American populations in the English-speaking Eastern Caribbean. English is the official language. The Barbudan accent is slightly different from the Antiguan. In the years before Antigua and Barbuda's independence Standard English was widely spoken in preference to Antiguan Creole. Generally the upper and middle classes shun Antiguan Creole. The educational","presentation of the company's products he began an effort in 1997 to revamp the retail program to get an improved relationship to consumers and hired Ron Johnson in 2000. Jobs relaunched Apple's online store in 1997 and opened the first two physical stores in 2001. Despite initial media speculation that","1913 the council of St. Petersburg elected nine scientists honorary members of the university. Markov was among them but his election was not affirmed by the minister of education. The affirmation only occurred four years later after the February Revolution in 1917. Markov then resumed his teaching activities and lectured","in 1945. Also as a teen Warhol won a Scholastic Art and Writing Award. After graduating from high school his intentions were to study art education at the University of Pittsburgh in the hope of becoming an art teacher but his plans changed and he enrolled in the Carnegie Institute","the time (average age 3.8 years old tested an average of 3.9 years later) and nine were older (mean age 7.7y at time of ADEM tested an average of 2.2 years later) to nineteen matched controls. Scores on IQ tests and educational achievement were lower for the young onset ADEM","late 17th century through the mid-20th century). That period saw the increase of urban industrial populations which had undermined the traditional nuclear family and initiated a factory-like education system and the growth of the corporation. Toffler said: The \"Third Wave\" was a term he coined to describe the post-industrial society","the shortage of manpower. Parliament managed to negotiate treaties with the princes of German states for large sums of money in exchange for mercenary troops. In total 29875 troops were hired for British service from six German states; Brunswick (5723) Hesse-Kassel (16992) Hesse-Hannau (2422) Ansbach-Bayreuth (2353) Waldeck-Pyrmont (1225) and Anhalt-Zerbst","education. Many desert annuals are therophytes because their seed-to-seed life cycle is only weeks and they spend most of the year as seeds to survive dry conditions. In cultivation many food plants are or are grown as annuals including virtually all domesticated grains. Some perennials and biennials are grown in","him an annotated copy which Alexander later carried on his campaigns. At age 16 Alexander's education under Aristotle ended. Philip waged war against Byzantion leaving Alexander in charge as regent and heir apparent. During Philip's absence the Thracian Maedi revolted against Macedonia. Alexander responded quickly driving them from their territory.","and especially the history of the labour movement. Amsterdam's Hortus Botanicus founded in the early 17th century is one of the oldest botanical gardens in the world with many old and rare specimens among them the coffee plant that served as the parent for the entire coffee culture in Central","maternal mortality seldom results from safe abortions unsafe abortions result in 70000 deaths and 5 million disabilities per year. Complications of unsafe abortion account for approximately an eighth of maternal mortalities worldwide though this varies by region. Secondary infertility caused by an unsafe abortion affects an estimated 24 million women.","from Akita Prefecture worked as the director of the Army's Physical Education Institute's lower secondary school while his mother Shima came from a merchant's family living in Osaka. Akira was the eighth and youngest child of the moderately wealthy family with two of his siblings already grown up at the","only secondary roles in the temples and were not as likely to be as educated as men. The head of the legal system was officially the pharaoh who was responsible for enacting laws delivering justice and maintaining law and order a concept the ancient Egyptians referred to as Ma'at. Although","home to members of the Bahá'í Hare Krishna and Jehovah's Witnesses communities as well as adherents of the other religious communities. Some religious communities have been unofficially restricted from religious freedom. A U.S. State Department report on the matter mentions detention of members of certain Muslim and Christian groups and","these performances create works that are only understood by the elite who have been educated as to why an idea or video or piece of apparent garbage may be considered art. The marker of status becomes understanding the work instead of necessarily owning it and the artwork remains an upper-class","to understand flight; and the sheep which he studied to understand genetics. Additionally the Government of Canada honored Bell in 1997 with a C$100 gold coin in tribute also to the 150th anniversary of his birth and with a silver dollar coin in 2009 in honor of the 100th anniversary","death as part of a legal agreement. She bequeathed him the only heirlooms her father had personally left to her. During her final illness she would panic at the idea of the younger Crosse being kept from visiting her. Throughout her illnesses she continued her education. Her mother's obsession with","to a form of the colloquial language that imports a number of words and grammatical constructions in MSA to a form that is close to pure colloquial but with the \"rough edges\" (the most noticeably \"vulgar\" or non-Classical aspects) smoothed out to pure colloquial. The particular variant (or \"register\") used","educate or guide them towards ways of finding and observing celestial objects; or even promoting the science of astronomy among the general public. Collectively amateur astronomers observe a variety of celestial objects and phenomena. Common targets of amateur astronomers include the Moon planets stars comets meteor showers and a variety","in Sauk City Wisconsin. He was educated in local parochial and public high school. Derleth wrote his first fiction at age 13. He was interested most in reading and he made three trips to the library a week. He would save his money to buy books (his personal library exceeded","deliberately enrolled as a 10-year-old perhaps because he was a year behind with his schooling. Hitchcock said he was \"usually among the four or five at the top of the class\"; at the end of his first year his work in Latin English French and religious education was noted. His","languages as a child. Korzybski was educated at the Warsaw University of Technology in engineering. During the First World War Korzybski served as an intelligence officer in the Russian Army. After being wounded in a leg and suffering other injuries he moved to North America in 1916 (first to Canada","iPhone and the Newton was still declared better. A chain of dedicated Newton only stores called Newton Source existed from 1994 until 1998. Locations included New York Los Angeles San Francisco Chicago and Boston. The Westwood Village California near U.C.L.A. featured the trademark red and yellow lightbulb Newton logo in","benefited from the patronage of the government which employed animators to produce educational shorts and propaganda. The first talkie anime was \"Chikara to Onna no Yo no Naka\" produced by Masaoka in 1933. By 1940 numerous anime artists' organizations had risen including the Shin Mangaha Shudan and Shin Nippon Mangaka.","International Asteroid Day to educate the public about asteroids. The date of International Asteroid Day commemorates the anniversary of the Tunguska asteroid impact over Siberia Russian Federation on 30 June 1908. The first asteroid to be discovered Ceres was originally considered to be a new planet. This was followed by","aimed at children ages 6\u201310 ran for 57 issues from October 1974 through 1982. The flagship title's second decade took a grim turn with a story in #89-90 (Oct.-Nov. 1970) featuring the death of Captain George Stacy. This was the first Spider-Man story to be penciled by Gil Kane who","liaison lasted for 18 years. After his death according to his biographers Evlanoff Fluor and Fant Nobel's letters were locked within the Nobel Institute in Stockholm. They were released only in 1955 to be included with other biographical data. Despite the lack of formal secondary and tertiary level education Nobel","born in Aschaffenburg Bavaria and educated in medicine at the universities of Munich Berlin and Strasbourg where he received his doctorate in 1908. During the following year he began clinical work under the psychiatrist Emil Kraepelin and did laboratory work with Franz Nissl and Alois Alzheimer in Munich. In 1911","the authority of the Austrian Federal Ministry of Education Arts and Culture. As German is a pluricentric language Austrian German is merely one among several varieties of Standard German. Much like the relationship between British English and American English the German varieties differ in minor respects (e.g. spelling word usage","royalties earned against returns. In some countries authors also earn income from a government scheme such as the ELR (educational lending right) and PLR (public lending right) schemes in Australia. Under these schemes authors are paid a fee for the number of copies of their books in educational and/or public","rates for Aberdeen City (2.3%) Scotland (4.2%) and the UK (3.8%). The council has 70 councillors elected in 19 multi-member wards by single transferable vote. The 2017 elections resulted in the following representation: The overall political composition of the council following subsequent defections and by-elections is as follows: The Council's","elections winning at least 255 seats in the House of Representatives and 135 seats in the House of Nationalities. In addition Suu Kyi won re-election to the House of Representatives. Under the 2008 constitution the NLD needed to win at least a two-thirds majority in both houses to ensure that","lays out a specific plan for national education to counter Talleyrand's. In Chapter 12 \"On National Education\" she proposes that children be sent to day schools as well as given some education at home \"to inspire a love of home and domestic pleasures\" and that such schools be free for","only in Aberdare itself but also in the communities of the valleys generally. In so doing they not only criticised the ironmasters for their failure to provide schools for workers' children but also the nonconformists for not establishing British Schools. At the ten schools in Aberdare there was accommodation for","Jaén Córdoba and the hill villages and towns remain relatively untouched by tourism the coastal areas of Andalusia have heavy visitor traffic for much of the year. Among the autonomous communities Andalusia is second only to Catalonia in tourism with nearly 30 million visitors every year. The principal tourist destinations","mission. Pope Gregory once wrote to Æthelberht complimenting Augustine's knowledge of the Bible so Augustine was evidently well educated. Other qualifications included administrative ability for Gregory was the abbot of St Andrews as well as being pope which left the day-to-day running of the abbey to Augustine the prior. Augustine","by 147 countries. While standards for international audit and assurance ethics education and public sector accounting are all set by independent standard settings boards supported by IFAC. The International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board sets international standards for auditing assurance and quality control; the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants","been affiliated with the United Nations' UNESCO Associated Schools Project Network which sponsors education projects that foster improved quality of education throughout the world. Waldorf schools receive full or partial governmental funding in some European nations Australia and in parts of the United States (as Waldorf method public or charter","about the same popularity (13.6% in 2007) and the CVP retained about the same popularity (13.5% in 2007). From the 219800 or 40.1% were Roman Catholic while 189606 or 34.6% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. Of the rest of the population there were 11523 members of an Orthodox church","charity school for the sons of indigent seafarers. In keeping with the school's curriculum his education was focused on literacy arithmetic and navigational skills including cartography. He was a competent student and something of a perfectionist. His headmaster Rev. Francis Swinden observed that in personality Phillip was \"unassuming reasonable business-like","failed attempts to modernize the Persian army. He was not successful in part due to the lack of government centralization in Iran during the era. Furthermore","reorganisation. The reopening of Abertillery railway station has been identified as a future development of the Ebbw Valley Railway. Regular bus services in the area link with Llanhilleth railway station away. The modern local comprehensive provides secondary education for the town and neighbouring areas. It is fed by several small","formal approval for the establishment of a sound system of justice for Egyptian nationals a great reduction in taxation increased affordable and sound education the inauguration of the substantial irrigation works such as the Aswan Low Dam and the Assiut Barrage and the reconquest of Sudan. He displayed more interest","flag\" beach award which denotes an exemplary standard of cleanliness facilities safety environmental education and management. New facilities are currently under construction by Fife Council which will much improve the beach throughout the year. The Black Sands (also known as the West Beach) as the contrasting name would suggest have","of Spanish. Compulsory education undermined its already weak position; for example pupils were punished for using it. However the 1978 Spanish transition to democracy heralded literary works and studies of the language. Aragonese is the native language of the Aragonese mountain ranges of the Pyrenees in the \"comarcas\" of Somontano","a graduate assistant for many years and was relegated to teach mainly in the education school or Rabbinical school not in the academic graduate program. Heschel became friendly with his colleague Mordecai Kaplan. Though they differed in their approach to Judaism they had a very cordial relationship and visited each","Some well-known and popular tourist destinations are the following: The literacy rate in Azad Kashmir was 62% in 2004 higher than in any region in Pakistan. However only 2.2% were graduates compared to the average of 2.9% for Pakistan. The following is a list of universities recognised by Higher Education","contains a certain number of quartiers \"quarters\". Cantons 1 2 3 4 are located along the Gulf of Ajaccio from west to east while 5 is a little further up the valleys of the Gravona and the Prunelli Rivers. These political divisions subdivide the population of Ajaccio into units that","Rotbaein an AutoCAD WS Product Manager for Autodesk the name AutoCAD WS had no definitive meaning and was interpreted variously as \"Autodesk Web Service\" \"White Sheet\" or \"Work Space.\" AutoCAD is licensed for free to students educators and educational institutions with a 36-month renewable license available. The student version of","Starting in 1829 he began his education in Paris where he studied law. He married Virginie Vincent de Saint-Bonnet on 21 February 1859 and settled in Hendaye where he purchased 250ha to build a castle and became the mayor of the city from 1871 to 1875. Abbadie was a knight","at Eyüp Palace Constantinople (present-day Istanbul) on 9/18 February 1830 Abdülaziz received an Ottoman education but was nevertheless an ardent admirer of the material progress that was made in the West. He was the first Ottoman Sultan who travelled to Western Europe visiting a number of important European capitals including","up in Corbie Abbey and was educated at the Benedictine monastery in Picardy. According to the \"Vita Ansgarii\" (\"Life of Ansgar\") when the little boy learned in a vision that his mother was in the company of Saint Mary his careless attitude toward spiritual matters changed to seriousness (\"Life of","She made sure that Abd ar-Rahman's education was conducted with some rigor. Emir Abdallah died at the age of 72. Despite the fact that four of his sons (Aban Abd al Rahman Muhammad and Ahmad) were alive at the time of his death all of them were passed over for","integrating advertising with internet-connected EPGs advertising on companion devices (like smartphones and tablets) during the show and creating TV apps. Additionally some like brands have opted for social television sponsorship. In recent years there have been several media literacy initiatives and more specifically concerning advertising that seek to empower citizens","programmes: Botany Environmental Sciences and Microbiology; and Mathematics Department which has two educational programmes: Mathematics and Computer Science. The Faculty of Science awards the following degrees: Bachelor of Science in nine educational programmes Higher Diploma Master of Science and Philosophy Doctor of Science. Aswan also has Aswan Higher Institute of","its goods and services as reflected in its $100 million donation for the Agricultural Special Fund in April 1968. Takeshi Watanabe served as the first ADB president from 1966 to 1972. In the 1970s ADB's assistance to developing countries in Asia expanded into education and health and then to infrastructure","fault-tolerant systems for solving problems for example Ant colony optimization and Ant robotics. This area of biomimetics has led to studies of ant locomotion search engines that make use of \"foraging trails\" fault-tolerant storage and networking algorithms. From the late 1950s through the late 1970s ant farms were popular educational","This lasted until 1767. During this period he received his early education from his mother Rabia Şermi who taught him history and calligraphy. When his brother Mustafa III died Abdül Hamid succeeded him on 21 January 1774. Abdül Hamid's long imprisonment had left him indifferent to state affairs and malleable","all the stages of a higher education. It is probable that he was taught at the \"Magdeburger Domschule\". In 1066 or 1067 he was invited by archbishop Adalbert of Hamburg to join the Church of Bremen. Adam was accepted among the capitulars of Bremen and by 1069 he appeared as","providers can also help by educating sufferers about anxiety disorders and referring individuals to self-help resources. CBT has been shown to be effective in the treatment of generalized anxiety disorder and possibly more effective than pharmacological treatments in the long term. Sometimes medication is combined with psychotherapy but research has","of frustration and confusion for which I apologise on my behalf and on behalf of government.\u201d However he claimed not to have asked nor known about the non-security upgrades despite the media reporting on them almost daily. There is also a growing trend for ANC members as well as those","and autumn. Afyon is the centre of an agricultural area and the city has a country town feel to it. There is little in the way of bars cafes live music or other cultural amenities and the standards of education are low for a city in the west of Turkey.","Anne à Beckett brother of Gilbert Arthur à Beckett and educated at Felsted School. Besides fulfilling other journalistic engagements Beckett was on the staff of \"Punch\" from 1874 to 1902 edited the \"Sunday Times\" 1891-1895 and the \"Naval and Military Magazine\" in 1896. He gave an account of his father","His rabbinic education was acquired mainly at Tiberias in the academy presided over by R. Johanan with whom his relations were almost those of a son (\"Yer. Berakhot\" chapter II \"halachah\" 1 page 4b in Daniel Bomberg's Venice edition; 12b in current editions; \"Gittin\" 44b; \"Bava Batra\" 39a). He frequently","particularly since the latter seems to have been especially concerned with education and preaching.\" Pope Benedict suggest there were those in Corinth \"...fascinated by his way of speaking...\" There is no indication that Apollos favored or approved an overestimation of his person. Paul urged him to go to Corinth at","he did not think having a high school education was necessary for a farm laborer. He spent years working on his father's farm where according to his brother Jacques he could perform the work of three men. He also completed an apprenticeship in woodworking and next worked in a factory","ACLU's bi-annual conference in Colorado in 1964 the Supreme Court issued rulings on eight cases in which the ACLU was involved; the ACLU prevailed on seven of the eight. The ACLU played a role in Supreme Court decisions reducing censorship of literature and arts protecting freedom of association prohibiting racial","microcomputers it was sold as a finished consumer appliance rather than as a kit (unassembled or preassembled). \"VanLOVEs Apple Handbook\" and \"The Apple Educators Guide\" by Gerald VanDiver and Rolland Love reviewed more than 1500 software programs that the Apple II series could use. The Apple dealer network used this","CT-80's (about 10 thousand of them) were sold to schools for computer education in a project first known as the \"honderd scholen project\" (one hundred schools project) but which later involved many more than just one hundred schools. MCP received this order from the Dutch government because their computer met","result in variations by class cultural background and education. According to Kant in his book on the \"Critique of Judgment\" beauty is subjective and universal; thus certain things are beautiful to everyone. In the opinion of Władysław Tatarkiewicz there are six conditions for the presentation of art: beauty form representation","Teaching or working as governess for a family were among the few options available to poor but educated women. In April 1839 Anne started work as a governess for the Ingham family at Blake Hall near Mirfield. The children in her charge were spoilt and often disobedient. She had great","2001 there were 484 black mayors. In 2005 the number of Africans immigrating to the United States in a single year surpassed the peak number who were involuntarily brought to the United States during the Atlantic Slave Trade. On November 4 2008 Democratic Senator Barack Obama defeated Republican Senator John","Augustine's dialogue writings model the need for lively interactive dialogue among learners. He recommended adapting educational practices to fit the students' educational backgrounds: If a student has been well educated in a wide variety of subjects the teacher must be careful not to repeat what they have already learned but","educational process that attempts to develop the ability to avoid unnecessary muscular tension by retraining physical movement. Alexander believed that poor habits in posture and movement damaged spatial self-awareness; he believed the technique was a mental training technique as well. Alexander developed his technique's principles in the 1890s in an","malevolent destructiveness to those who view him as a humane and benign albeit wilful social reformer. Writing on this topic Dr. Tony Page comments: \"Weishaupt\u2019s plan was to educate Illuminati followers in the highest levels of humanity and morality (basing his teachings on the supremacy of Reason allied with the","Amerigo Vespucci also. Amerigo Vespucci was educated by his uncle Fra Giorgio Antonio Vespucci a Dominican friar of the monastery of San Marco in Florence. While his elder brothers were sent to the University of Pisa to pursue scholarly careers Amerigo Vespucci embraced a mercantile life and was hired as","declare their opposition to the Crown. Many Loyalists especially merchants in the port cities had maintained strong and long-standing relations with Britain (often with business and family links to other parts of the British Empire). Many Loyalists realized that independence was bound to come eventually but they were fearful that","a total of 6.85 million in 2011 compared to 5.98 million a decade earlier. The South African Institute of Race Relations (SAIRR) project that a growing majority will be Coloured Afrikaans speakers. Afrikaans speakers experience higher employment rates than other South African language groups though half a million remain unemployed.","rest of the country's Pagan community. The majority had a college education but were generally less well educated than the wider Pagan community with a lower median income than the wider Pagan community too. Subsequent assessments have suggested a larger support base; 10000 to 20000 according to McNallen and 7878","the Jyväskylä Lyceum school where he completed his basic education in 1916 and took drawing lessons from a local artist named Jonas Heiska. In 1916 he then enrolled to study architecture at the Helsinki University of Technology. His studies were interrupted by the Finnish Civil War which he fought in.","Ayer was a Swiss Calvinist financier who worked for the Rothschild family. Ayer was educated at Ascham St Vincent's School a former boarding preparatory school for boys in the seaside town of Eastbourne in Sussex in which he started boarding at the comparatively early age of seven for reasons to","the process. Esarhaddon declared himself \"king of Egypt Libya and Kush\". Esarhaddon stationed a small army in northern Egypt and describes how; \"All Ethiopians (read Nubians/Kushites) I deported from Egypt leaving not one left to do homage to me\". He installed native Egyptian princes throughout the land to rule on","influenced by \"education company and customs of the country\" a criticism mounted by J. L. Mackie who argued that the conscience should be seen as an \"introjection\" of other people into an agent's mind. Michael Martin challenges the argument from conscience with a naturalistic account of conscience arguing that naturalism","\"Fever Pitch\" by Nick Hornby was an autobiographical account of Hornby's life and relationship with football and Arsenal in particular. Published in 1992 it formed part of the revival and rehabilitation of football in British society during the 1990s. The book was twice adapted for the cinema \u2013 the 1997 British","a blacksmith and then was educated at Hochschule Mittweida (Mittweida Technical College). After receiving a degree in engineering he worked in shipbuilding. Horch worked for Karl Benz from 1896 before founding \"A. Horch & Co.\" in November 1899 in Ehrenfeld Cologne Germany. The first Horch automobile was built in 1901.","2008 Democratic National Convention. DiFranco has described herself as an atheist. On the subject of religion DiFranco has stated: Ani cites her anti-corporate ethos for the main reason she decided to start her own label. This has allowed her a considerable degree of creative freedom over the years including for","reasons including educational purposes or for charity events. Amateur actors are those who do not receive payment for performances. Not all people working as actors in film television or theatre are professionally trained. Bob Hoskins for example had no formal training before becoming an actor. Conservatories and drama schools typically","designing the Apple III to appeal to the business market leaving the Apple II to home and education users. Management believed that \"once the Apple III was out the Apple II would stop selling in six months\" Wozniak said. The Apple III is powered by a 1.8 MHz Synertek 6502A","to the battlefield he constantly reminds himself of the importance of learning and education. Even while under enemy fire he \"mutters propositions in physics\". He became interested in Kemmerich's boots and inherits them when Kemmerich dies early in the novel. He is killed later in the book after being shot","biologists and naturalists. Most diplomatic missions are located in the suburbs of Yarralumla Deakin and O'Malley. There are three light industrial areas: the suburbs of Fyshwick Mitchell and Hume. Almost all educational institutions in the Australian Capital Territory are located within Canberra. The ACT public education system schooling is normally","a result of malnutrition disease and the physically impossible workload. In addition to the concentration camp inmates who comprised a third of the work force IG Auschwitz employed slave laborers from all over Europe. At first the laborers walked the seven kilometers from Auschwitz I to the plant each day","(in Acts) represent Paul's views accurately. He was educated a man of means probably urban and someone who respected manual work although not a worker himself; this is significant because more high-brow writers of the time looked down on the artisans and small business people who made up the early","dedicate him to the service of God. Adalbert was well educated having studied for approximately ten years (970-80) in Magdeburg under the tutelage of St. Adalbert of Magdeburg. The young Vojtěch took his tutor's name \"Adalbert\" at his Confirmation. In 981 St. Adalbert of Magdeburg died and his young protege","order to recover. There are several factors that contribute to a person's chance of recovery caused by stroke including stroke size and location. Age sex and education have not been found to be very predictive. Specific to aphasia spontaneous recovery varies among affected people and may not look the same","was Minister of Education in Ontario (1883-1899). According to the Ontario Teachers' Manuals \"History of Education\" (1915) Ross established both Arbour Day and Empire Day -- \"the former to give the school children an interest in making and keeping the school grounds attractive and the latter to inspire the children","the Italian language. Aaliyah who maintained a perfect 4.0 grade point average when graduating from Detroit High School for the Fine and Performing Arts felt education was important. She saw fit to keep her grades up despite the pressures and time constraints brought on her during the early parts of","faculty and improve the level of education resulted in ABC being able to grant full Bachelor of Arts degrees in 1983. Its campus at this time was located along the Salisbury Road west of Moncton's central business district. The institution moved to a new campus constructed on the Gorge Road","and federal programs designed to educate housewives. Large-scale foreign aid during and after the war brought American standards to Europe. Newspapers and magazines ran recipe columns aided by research from corporate kitchens which were major food manufacturers like General Mills Campbell's and Kraft Foods. One characteristic of American cooking is","converting part of the home to a hospital ward for women and children. `Abdu'l-Bahá received a haphazard education during his childhood. It was customary not to send children of nobility to schools. Most noblemen were educated at home briefly in scripture rhetoric calligraphy and basic mathematics. Many were educated to","significantly greater frequency in whites than in non-whites. Jensen's most controversial work published in February 1969 in the \"Harvard Educational Review\" was titled \"How Much Can We Boost IQ and Scholastic Achievement?\" It concluded among other things that Head Start programs designed to boost African-American IQ scores had failed and","before being ultimately divided between kingdoms of Montenegro and Serbia. On the heels of the Great Balkan Crisis Austro-Hungarian forces occupied Bosnia and Herzegovina in August 1878 and the monarchy eventually annexed Bosnia and Herzegovina in October 1908 as a common holding of Cisleithania and Transleithania under the control of","on global commerce finance research technology education media art and entertainment. It ranks 18th among world cities and 7th in the nation with a gross domestic product of $320 billion. Atlanta's economy is considered diverse with dominant sectors that include logistics professional and business services media operations and information technology. Atlanta","Housman and their sister Clemence Housman also became writers. Housman was educated at King Edward's School in Birmingham and later Bromsgrove School where he revealed his academic promise and won prizes for his poems. In 1877 he won an open scholarship to St John's College Oxford and went there to","of co-production co-financing and pre-sales arrangements. A new Concert Music Department was formed in 1985 to co-ordinate the corporation's six symphony orchestras which in turn received a greater level of autonomy to better respond to local needs. Open-air free concerts and tours educational activities and joint ventures with other music","which is close to two million in Kosovo. Rights to use the Albanian language in education and government were given and guaranteed by the 1974 Constitution of SFRY and were widely utilized in Macedonia and in Montenegro before the Dissolution of Yugoslavia. Italy has a historical Albanian minority of 260000","UK & ABET in US. Université Senghor is a private French university that focuses on the teaching of humanities politics and international relations which mainly targets students from the African continent. Other institutions of higher education in Alexandria include Alexandria Institute of Technology (AIT) and Pharos University in Alexandria. Alexandria","with various specialty art such as a series of \"Li'l Abner\" greeting cards\u2014was tight-penciling the Sunday pages from studio roughs. This work was collected by Dark Horse Comics in a four-volume hardcover series entitled \"Al Capp's Li'l Abner: The Frazetta Years\". In 1961 Capp complaining of declining revenue wanted to","in affectionately as a man of education with excellent literary and scholarly tastes. All of Origen's works written after 218 are dedicated to Ambrose including his \"On Martyrdom\" \"Contra Celsum\" \"Commentary on St. John's Gospel\" and \"On Prayer\". Ambrose's letters to Origen (praised by Jerome) are lost although part of","an almost secular character in the comprehensiveness of its interests and had counted influential pagans among its serious auditors. Athanasius recounts being a student as well as being educated by the Martyrs of the Great (tenth) and last persecution of Christianity by pagan Rome. This persecution was most severe in","out one of the three levels was called \"Distinguished Member\" and was changed about two years later to \"Distinguished Educator\". Those who already had the Distinguished Member title had their titles changed to one of the other three titles. Also in 2006 ACM began recognizing Senior Members. Senior Members have","board ban the movie. Since film boards were composed almost entirely of whites few review boards initially banned Griffith's picture\". The NAACP also conducted a public education campaign publishing articles protesting the film's fabrications and inaccuracies organizing petitions against it and conducting education on the facts of the war and","observing the Jewish holidays. His Bar Mitzvah marked the end of Laurents's religious education and the beginning of his rejection of all fundamentalist religions although he continued to identify himself as Jewish. However late in life he admitted to having changed his last name from Levine to the less Jewish-sounding","diverged MINIX continues to be developed now as a production system as well as an educational one. The focus is on building a highly modular reliable and secure operating system. The system is based on a microkernel with only 5000 lines of code running in kernel mode. The rest of","integers fractions and decimals (using the decimal place-value system). This study is sometimes known as algorism. The difficulty and unmotivated appearance of these algorithms has long led educators to question this curriculum advocating the early teaching of more central and intuitive mathematical ideas. One notable movement in this direction was","the naval arms race with the German Empire. It is a red brick building with white stone detailing in the Queen Anne style with French influences. It has been used by the Foreign and Commonwealth Office from the 1960s to 2016. The Department for Education planned to move into the","that Scotland was \"a nation of which the commerce is hourly extending and the wealth increasing\" and in particular that Glasgow had become one of the greatest cities of Britain. A commemorative two-pound coin was issued to mark the tercentennial\u2014300th anniversary\u2014of the Union which occurred two days before the Scottish","of Steinsaltz's books. Continuing his work as a teacher and spiritual mentor Steinsaltz established a network of schools and educational institutions in Israel and the former Soviet Union. He has served as scholar in residence at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars in Washington D. C. and the Institute","lack of proper medical facilities and trained personnel. In most outback communities the number of children is too small for a conventional school to operate. Children are educated at home by the School of the Air. Originally the teachers communicated with the children via radio but now satellite telecommunication is","and some villages have created their own nonprofits providing social services and health care through grant funding and federal compacts. The objectives of these nonprofits are varied but focus generally on cultural and educational activities. These include scholarships for Native students sponsorship of cultural and artistic events preservation","and educational software. The language was mildly successful within the Amiga community. Its ease of use made it especially attractive to beginners. Perhaps AMOS BASIC's biggest disadvantage stemming from its Atari ST lineage was its incompatibility with the Amiga's operating system functions and interfaces. Instead AMOS BASIC controlled the computer","panelist Henry Morgan. Lerner was educated at Bedales School in England The Choate School (now Choate Rosemary Hall) in Wallingford Connecticut (where he wrote \"The Choate Marching Song\") and Harvard. He attended both Camp Androscoggin and Camp Greylock. At both Choate and Harvard Lerner was a classmate of John F.","the end of summer holiday and the start of a new school year particularly for children in primary and secondary education. \"Back to School\" advertising and preparations usually occurs in the weeks leading to the beginning of autumn. Easter is in autumn in the southern hemisphere. Thanksgiving Day is a","national governments and parliaments have formed alcohol policies in order to reduce the harm of alcoholism. Targeting adolescents and young adults is regarded as an important step to reduce the harm of alcohol abuse. Increasing the age at which licit drugs of abuse such as alcohol can be purchased the","the much celebrated tripartite correspondence with Rilke and Tsvetayeva. As the 1920s wore on however Pasternak increasingly felt that his colourful style was at odds with a less educated readership. He attempted to make his poetry more comprehensible by reworking his earlier pieces and starting two lengthy poems on the","the 2600 BC Mesopotamian treasure from Ur discovered during Leonard Woolley's 1922\u201334 excavations. Gold silver and garnet grave goods from the Anglo-Saxon ship burial at Sutton Hoo (1939) and late Roman silver tableware from Mildenhall Suffolk (1946). The immediate post-war years were taken up with the return of the collections","of Francisco Franco the Spanish government reversed the advances of Basque nationalism as it had fought in the opposite side of the Spanish Civil War: cultural activity in Basque was limited to folkloric issues and the Roman Catholic Church. Today the Southern Basque Country within Spain enjoys an extensive cultural","currently an assistant professor in literacy education at Georgia State University. The family lives in the Atlanta area. In October 1989 Holbrook began his second strip \"Safe Havens\" and his third strip \"Kevin and Kell\" was launched in September 1995. Every week Holbrook writes the story line for the next"],"title":["Frank Capra","Wikipedia:Free On-line Dictionary of Computing/C - D","Francisco I. Madero","Frederick Copleston","Feminism","Fortaleza","Wikipedia:Free On-line Dictionary of Computing/L - N","Frontline (Australian TV series)","Francis Fukuyama","Fingerspelling","Francis Bacon","Freemasonry","Félix Guattari","Wikipedia:Free On-line Dictionary of Computing/E - H","Fire","Finance","Felix Wankel","Wikipedia:Free On-line Dictionary of Computing/I - K","Fatwa","Fortran","Frédéric Bastiat","Feminist science fiction","Frank Sinatra","Factors of production","Free Methodist Church","French Revolution","Political freedom","Foreign relations of Afghanistan","Funeral","Fine Gael","Furigana","Fra Bartolomeo","Female genital mutilation","Persian language","French Foreign Legion","First Council of the Lateran","Fernando Pessoa","F. W. de Klerk","Fuerteventura","Fyodor Dostoyevsky","Feminist theology","Flat Earth","French Republican Calendar","Francisco Franco","Fair Isle","Faith healing","Fiorello H. La Guardia","Friedrich Bessel","Firmin Abauzit","First Epistle of Peter","Federated States of Micronesia","Francis Crick","Ford Madox Brown","Fable","Florence","Fred Savage","Demographics of the Federated States of Micronesia","Freeware","History of Germany","George Fox","Hungary","Grinnell College","Glenn T. Seaborg","Gro Harlem Brundtland","Gunpowder Plot","Hawaii","History of Europe","Henry Mayhew","Grazia Deledda","Gregory of Nazianzus","Health care reform","Gerolamo Cardano","Felix Hausdorff","Franz Kafka","Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act","Frederick Douglass","Frankfurt","Frédéric Chopin","Francesco Algarotti","Fred Hoyle","Flanders","Franklin D. Roosevelt","Fahrenheit 451","Free Democratic Party (Germany)","Fascism","French cuisine","Felix Bloch","Francis Xavier","Fear","Finger Lakes","Albert of Saxony","François d'Aguilon","Fields Medal","Francisco Goya","Frank Herbert","Gordon Brown","LGBT social movements","Gram Parsons","Geneva College","George Eliot","Gilbert and Sullivan","Gini coefficient","GÉANT","Gambler's fallacy","Guantanamo Bay Naval Base","Geometric mean","George Bernard Shaw","East Germany","Gulag","Giovanni Boccaccio","George Washington Carver","Giordano Bruno","George Pólya","George Robert Aberigh-Mackay","Garfield","Gilbert N. Lewis","Giuseppe Verdi","Gastroenterology","Gone with the Wind (novel)","Galicia (Spain)","Glasnevin","Gestapo","Gall\u2013Peters projection","Galla Placidia","Geddy Lee","Gerrymandering","Gene therapy","Graham Chapman","Demographics of Germany","Germany","Guam","George H. W. Bush","Greek language","GNU","Franz Boas","George Lucas","Fridtjof Nansen","George Washington","Germanic languages","Guatemala City","Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II","George Berkeley","George Orwell","Frederick William I of Prussia","History of geometry","G. E. Moore","Generation X","Franklin J. Schaffner","Flynn effect","Free market","False friend","German language","Economy of Germany","Franz Bopp","Finnish Civil War","Filippo Tommaso Marinetti","Greece","University of Gothenburg","Ghana","Demographics of Guam","Guinea-Bissau","Georgian Armed Forces","Guinea","Demographics of Georgia (country)","Demographics of Greece","History of Guatemala","General Motors","Government","Gleichschaltung","Great Lakes","Politics of Georgia (country)","Demographics of Grenada","Economy of Ghana","Guernsey","Georg Cantor","Economy of Guatemala","Ghana Armed Forces","Greenpeace","Politics of Greece","George Whipple","Gabon","Gaza Strip","Telecommunications in Georgia (country)","Greenland","Demographics of Ghana","Economy of Georgia (country)","Guglielmo Marconi","Demographics of Gibraltar","Economy of Guinea-Bissau","Johann Gottlieb Fichte","Demographics of Guinea-Bissau","Geography of Ghana","Telecommunications in Ghana","Gun safety","Demographics of Guinea","Politics of Guyana","History of Guam","Economy of Greenland","Economy of Guinea","Economy of Greece","Gustave Eiffel","Genealogy","George Frideric Handel","George Mason University","Grace Hopper","German Empire","Guy Fawkes","Giacomo Puccini","Guangzhou","Gary Kildall","Green Bay Packers","Gregor Mendel","Gross domestic product","Gerald Gardner (Wiccan)","Garrison Keillor","Gothic fiction","Gregory the Illuminator","Geocaching","Guernica","Gary North (economist)","Grigori Rasputin","Grammar","Gary Snyder","George Harrison","Overview of gun laws by nation","Gracchi","Gymnastics","GRE Physics Test","George Stephenson","Great auk","Gdynia","Gilles Deleuze","Gardnerian Wicca","George Cukor","Gerrit Rietveld","Graphic design","Gas mask","Gopher (protocol)","Garry Kasparov","General Electric","Erasmus Darwin","Ecuador","Education","Economics","Evolution","Economy of Ecuador","Encyclopedia","Demographics of Egypt","Edward Sapir","Europe","Economy of Egypt","Entertainment","European Union","De jure","Dale Chihuly","Dave Thomas (businessman)","Politics of Ecuador","Esperanto","Dalek","Elephant","Endocrinology","England","Telecommunications in Egypt","Ethan Allen","Epistemology","Ernst Mayr","Damon Runyon","Ethical egoism","Armed Forces of Ecuador","Progressive education","Educational perennialism","Educational essentialism","Erasmus","Edwin Abbott Abbott","Evidence-based medicine","Eden Project","Outline of education","Emil Kraepelin","Elizabeth I of England","Expert witness","Engelbert Dollfuss","Erie Canal","Empiricism","Epistolary novel","Epigram","Edda","Emperor of Japan","Eleanor of Aquitaine","Erasmus Reinhold","English orthography","Environmental law","Ernst Kaltenbrunner","European Commission","Nitrox","Edmund Burke","Eugene Wigner","Encyclopedia Brown","Edward Mitchell Bannister","Elias Boudinot","El Cid","Edward Elgar","Episcopal polity","Encyclopædia Britannica","El Salvador","Equatorial Guinea","Armed Forces of El Salvador","Empirical research","Edvard Grieg","Edmund Spenser","Edinburgh","Eindhoven","Esperantujo","Economy of Estonia","Demographics of Equatorial Guinea","Etruscan language","Ericsson","Economy of Ethiopia","Edgar Allan Poe","Armed Forces of Equatorial Guinea","Politics of Eritrea","Erfurt","Demographics of El Salvador","E-commerce","Edmund Stoiber","Enya","History of Equatorial Guinea","Enniskillen","Demographics of Estonia","Edward Jenner","Design of experiments","Eritrean Defence Forces","Erwin Rommel","Politics of Equatorial Guinea","Emancipation Proclamation","Édouard Manet","The Downward Spiral","Demographics of Ethiopia","Ernest Rutherford","School voucher","Erin Brockovich","Emanuel Leutze","Elf","Erasmus Alberus","Economy of Afghanistan","Eugenics","Expert","Edna St. Vincent Millay","Eugène Viollet-le-Duc","Elizabeth Garrett Anderson","Executive Order 9066","Entropy","Education reform","Edgar Rice Burroughs","Ellis Island","Euripides","Emma Goldman","Elegiac couplet","Languages of Europe","Eindhoven University of Technology","Emily Brontë","Einhard","Évariste Galois","European Convention on Human Rights","Ephesus","Edward Waring","Expressive aphasia","Eden Phillpotts","E. E. Smith","Elizabeth Barrett Browning","Fair use","Economy of Finland","Finland","Frank Zappa","Frank Lloyd Wright","Foreign relations of Fiji","Cinema of Germany","Demographics of Finland","French language","Cinema of China","Fredericton","Folk music","Foreign relations of France","Politics of Finland","Federal Reserve System","Epilepsy","Funk","Cinema of the Soviet Union","French Polynesia","History of the Falkland Islands","History of film","Elie Wiesel","Film festival","Cinema of the United Kingdom","Frisian languages","Fiji","Friedrich Nietzsche","Demographics of the Faroe Islands","Demographics of French Polynesia","Educational psychology","Earle Page","Estonian language","Edwin Howard Armstrong","Evliya Çelebi","Eastern Orthodox Church","Epictetus","Enrico Fermi","Enver Hoxha","Eli Wallach","Essay","Émile Baudot","E. O. Wilson","Enid Blyton","Emil Theodor Kocher","History of Esperanto","Econometrics","Emotion","Elbridge Gerry","Ennio Morricone","Eve Arden","Edward VI of England","Elvis Costello","E-Prime","Esperanto culture","Ephrem the Syrian","Gil Álvarez Carrillo de Albornoz","Gustave Flaubert","Geographic information system","Genius","Gough Whitlam","Geneva","Groucho Marx","Gospel of Luke","Gnosticism","Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz","Grover Cleveland","Gaudy Night","Glagolitic script","Galen","G. K. Chesterton","Gospel of John","Guy de Maupassant","Guild","Alliance 90/The Greens","Gibberish","Gnaeus Julius Agricola","Gotthold Ephraim Lessing","Goran Bregović","Giulio Alberoni","Ghost","Distance education","Democratic Progressive Party","Devanagari","Doctor (title)","Dylan Thomas","Dominican Order","Dot-com bubble","Denis Auguste Affre","Drake equation","Developmental psychology","Dan Simmons","Dance Dance Revolution","Diplomatic immunity","Dr. Seuss","Django Reinhardt","Dundee","Don Rosa","Danny Kaye","Donald Dewar","Digital cinema","Discrimination","Jacques-Louis David","Damascus","Dubbing (filmmaking)","Deconstruction","David Bowie","European influence in Afghanistan","Division of labour","Double bass","Bill Bryson","Christianity","Classics","Copyright","Bjørn Lomborg","Ben Bova","Economy of Canada","Charlie Chaplin","Battle of Okinawa","Bohdan Khmelnytsky","Boer","Calculus","Brigham Young","Central Europe","Belfast","Copenhagen","Computing","Carl Linnaeus","Khmer language","Ballarat","Chemistry","Catalan language","Colombia","Canada\u2013United States relations","Citizen Kane","Politics of Canada","Bruno of Querfurt","Demographics of the Cook Islands","Content-control software","Communist Party of China","Chicago","Concubinage","Catherine of Aragon","Crookes radiometer","Commonwealth of England","Census","Civil defense","Computer mouse","Cary Elwes","Cecilia Beaux","Customer relationship management","Campus","City of London","Control engineering","Clitoris","Colin Powell","Cotton Mather","Civil war","William Kidd","Cotswolds","Cranberry","Cyc","Colette","Christian views on marriage","Camille Pissarro","Cuauhtémoc","Choctaw","Clive Anderson","Corroborating evidence","Cyril of Alexandria","Coleco","Cheshire","The Maritimes","Colonialism","Cartography","Fairchild Channel F","Carl Barks","London Borough of Croydon","Commodore 64","Computer security","Controversy","Color blindness","Constantine the Great","Cyberspace","Communist Party of the Soviet Union","Circumcision and law","Clement of Alexandria","Conservative Judaism","Channel 4","Charles Martel","Charles Williams (British writer)","Chorded keyboard","Charlotte Brontë","Chapterhouse: Dune","Cello","Charles Proteus Steinmetz","Canadian English","English in the Commonwealth of Nations","Connecticut","Carolina Panthers","Country Liberal Party","Cholesterol","Ceuta","Creation science","Creaky voice","Consumer","Cholera","Cable television","Chiropractic","Charles Mingus","Foreign policy of the United States","City University of New York","Civilian Conservation Corps","Carl Rogers","History of the Soviet Union (1982\u201391)","Charles Evans Hughes","Christopher Alexander","Caribbean Sea","Boeing Vertol CH-46 Sea Knight","Clive Barker","Charles C. Krulak","Corsican language","Craig Venter","Calculator","Cetacea","Chuck Jones","Christine de Pizan","Cyril M. Kornbluth","Charles F. Hockett","Carousel (musical)","Compaq","Catharism","Colin Maclaurin","Contras","Coin","History of Dominica","Dominican Republic","Dialect","Delaware","Demographics of Djibouti","Economy of the Democratic Republic of the Congo","Economy of the Dominican Republic","Dentistry","David Lynch","Demographics of the Democratic Republic of the Congo","Danish Defence","Democracy","Day of the Tentacle","Dalai Lama","Dianetics","David Hume","Demographics of Denmark","Dessert","Desertification","Charcot\u2013Marie\u2013Tooth disease","Kennedy family","Dynamite","Dance","Demographics of the Dominican Republic","Documentary film","Data Encryption Standard","History of the Dominican Republic","Dr. Dre","Dolly Parton","Dublin Core","David Deutsch","Dharma","Daniel Ortega","Barrister","Bayonne","Biomedical engineering","Balfour Declaration","B. F. Skinner","Barry Goldwater","Bob Jones University","Brasília","Berber languages","Bodmin","Black people","Bamberg","Bob Knight","Bildungsroman","Blood libel","Basel","Barney Bubbles","Bengal","Bliss bibliographic classification","Bankruptcy","Business ethics","Dewey Decimal Classification","Deism","Doublespeak","Christian Church (Disciples of Christ)","Denver","Dave Winer","Dalhousie University","Disc jockey","Detroit","Dramaturge","Depeche Mode","Domitian","David Brewster","Dublin","Diaspora","Dragon 32/64","Taiko","David Rice Atchison","Dar es Salaam","Dr. Strangelove","Protestant Church in the Netherlands","Tao Te Ching","Design","Stephen Donaldson (activist)","Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders","Donald Rumsfeld","The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints","Claudine (book series)","Civil engineering","Standard works","History of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints","Geography of Colombia","Charles Tupper","Counterpoint","County Mayo","California Institute of Technology","Clement Attlee","Cardiff","Foreign relations of Colombia","C. S. Forester","Economy of Colombia","History of Colombia","Charles Dickens","Chinese language","Cleveland","Confucianism","Cycling","Cognitive psychology","Coronary artery disease","Clown","Chinese philosophy","Craig Charles","Church of England","Council of Europe","Chicago White Sox","Celebrity","Confucius","Capoeira","Carlo Goldoni","Charles Baudelaire","Cognitive behavioral therapy","Community college","Cyprus","College","Demographics of Cyprus","Demographics of Croatia","C. Northcote Parkinson","Conscription","Costa Rica","Chemist","Economy of Cuba","Demographics of Costa Rica","Californium","Cognitive science","Colin Dexter","Community","Croatia","Chalmers University of Technology","Public Forces of Costa Rica","Politics of Cyprus","Economy of Cyprus","Geography of Croatia","Caspar David Friedrich","Republic of Croatia Armed Forces","Cult film","Corporate title","Foreign relations of Cuba","Economy of Costa Rica","Constantinople","Cornwall","Catherine Coleman","Demographics of Ivory Coast","Copula (linguistics)","Computational linguistics","Compiler","History of Cuba","Collectivism","Christopher Columbus","History of Croatia","Charles Babbage","Columbia University","Cicero","Cologne","Cultural imperialism","Clark Ashton Smith","Chemical engineering","Calvinism","Calvin Coolidge","Charles Ancillon","Politics of the Comoros","Professional certification","Charles Sanders Peirce","Cambridgeshire","Common Era","Chuck Yeager","Civilization","Cornish language","Calvin and Hobbes","Demographics of the Comoros","Cecil B. DeMille","Christian Goldbach","Charles Robert Malden","Cairo","Traditional Chinese medicine","Condom","History of Chile","Central African Republic","Chad","Czech Republic","Video game","Comoros","Colorado","Charlemagne","Demographics of Cambodia","Economy of Cambodia","Capitalism","Creationism","Czechoslovakia","City","California","Chile","Computer science","Economy of the Cayman Islands","Physical cosmology","Cocos (Keeling) Islands","Cayman Islands","Demographics of the Cocos (Keeling) Islands","Chris Morris (satirist)","Cultural anthropology","China","Cameroon","Central African Armed Forces","Economy of Chile","Christmas Island","Demographics of the Central African Republic","Demographics of Cape Verde","Dwight D. Eisenhower","Deng Xiaoping","David Mamet","Down syndrome","Dartmouth College","Drexel University","Danish language","Don Quixote","Major depressive disorder","Dave Barry","Denis Diderot","Delft","Dyslexia","Dante Alighieri","HM Prison Dartmoor","David Hilbert","Dave Brubeck","Debian","Doraemon","Daniel Defoe","Dada","Dinosaur","Doctor Who","Diana (mythology)","Democritus","Desmond Morris","Devon","Centers for Disease Control and Prevention","Chiapas","Cheerleading","Christopher Báthory","Chiang Kai-shek","Cottingley Fairies","Cape Town","Central Asia","Congregationalist polity","Catalonia","Carl Sagan","Conservatism","Boeing C-17 Globemaster III","Citizenship","Caligula","Classical liberalism","College football","Cy Young","Constans","Albania","Autism","Alabama","Anarchism","Alberta","Angola","Afghanistan","Alchemy","Andorra","Aristotle","Assistive technology","Economy of Angola","Ayn Rand","Abraham Lincoln","Albert Einstein","Algeria","Alaska","Adobe","Astronaut","Adventure","Aruba","Aldous Huxley","Albert Sidney Johnston","Agricultural science","Andre Agassi","Asia","Animal Farm","Anthropology","Astronomer","Demographics of Angola","Brazil","Burkina Faso","Belgium","Bulgaria","Bangladesh","Botswana","Bursa","Berlin","Belize","Brazilian Armed Forces","Belarus","Brunei","The Bronx","Economy of Bhutan","Economy of Bosnia and Herzegovina","Bolivia","The Beverly Hillbillies","Benin","Baker Island","British Virgin Islands","The Bahamas","Armed Forces of Belarus","Bermuda","Black Forest","Bill Clinton","Bosnia and Herzegovina","Baruch Spinoza","Demographics of Bosnia and Herzegovina","Barbados","Economy of Brazil","Telecommunications in Belarus","Board game","Demographics of Botswana","Arizona State University","Anah","Arkansas","Alternative medicine","Aberdeen","Ibn al-Haytham","Amalasuntha","Apuleius","Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn","Andrew Carnegie","Alexander Anderson (mathematician)","Alfred the Great","Andrew Johnson","Adam Smith","Antimicrobial resistance","Antoine Lavoisier","Economy of Alberta","Alexander Fleming","Art Deco","Alfonso XII of Spain","Augustin-Louis Cauchy","Book of Amos","Australian English","Arnold Schwarzenegger","Al-Qaeda","American Airlines Flight 77","Allegory","Amway","Amitabh Bachchan","Almoravid dynasty","Babrak Karmal","Birka","BDSM","Breton language","Bishkek","Liberal Party (UK)","Beatrix Potter","Braveheart","Blue crane","The Beach Boys","Braille embosser","Bank of England","Baghdad","Book of Jonah","Bipolar disorder","Bambara language","Bison","Bill Oddie","Baseball","Bauhaus","Foreign relations of Brazil","Bernard Montgomery","Brussels","Demographics of Burkina Faso","Herman Boerhaave","Bitola","Foreign relations of Brunei","Boogie Down Productions","Benjamin Disraeli","Braille","Brandenburg","Book","Bill Gates","Demographics of Burundi","Basketball","Bulgarian Armed Forces","Bornholm","History of baseball in the United States","Biostatistics","Demographics of the British Virgin Islands","Basque language","Berlin Wall","Bell Labs","Military of Burkina Faso","Andhra Pradesh","Arabs","Ahmad Shah Massoud","Anthony Hopkins","Analog computer","Anton Chekhov","Conservation-restoration of cultural heritage","Analytical chemistry","Acadia University","Ardal O'Hanlon","Anthem","Adventism","Autobiography","Aarau","Rise and Fall of the City of Mahagonny","Anal sex","Anita Hill","Albrecht Dürer","Aurangzeb","Antidepressant","Arthur Miller","Armadillo","Alban Berg","Aon (company)","Ann Widdecombe","Antonio Salieri","Aalen","Andreas Aagesen","Amstrad CPC","A cappella","Aage Bohr","Arabic alphabet","Argentine cuisine","Arthur Eddington","Abdul Rashid Dostum","Annapolis Valley","Albertus Magnus","Alfred Lawson","Aachen","Alan Kay","Amos Bronson Alcott","Alcuin","AOL","Aga Khan III","Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990","Abbey","Extreme poverty","Acapulco","Alexander III of Russia","Alfred Russel Wallace","Afonso de Albuquerque","Acupuncture","Agrippina the Elder","APL (programming language)","Angilbert","Casa Milà","Animism","Antonio Vivaldi","Alain de Lille","Alcaeus of Mytilene","Ainu people","Andrew Jackson","Annales school","Severus Alexander","André-Marie Ampère","Alexios I Komnenos","Avicenna","Anglicanism","Athens","Alexis Carrel","Aarhus","Anguilla","Antisemitism","Armed Forces of Armenia","Alan Garner","Demographics of American Samoa","Demographics of Armenia","Achill Island","Agatha Christie","Albert Schweitzer","Allen Ginsberg","American Sign Language","Accordion","Aleister Crowley","Artificial intelligence","Alan Turing","Abbot","Alexander Mackenzie (politician)","Architect","Aristophanes","Adelaide","Economy of Azerbaijan","Anarcho-capitalism","Economy of Armenia","Miss Marple","André Gide","Artistic revolution","Albert Camus","Brown University","Bill Watterson","Bede","Buckminster Fuller","Berry Berenson","Barnard College","Bioinformatics","British English","BASIC","Bicycle","Battleship","Bob Hawke","Blaise Pascal","National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum","Babe Ruth","Boston Herald","Bassoon","Berthe Morisot","Baptists","Bill Walsh (American football coach)","Bram Stoker","Bus","Benjamin Franklin","Bulgarian language","Bertrand Russell","British National Party","Bethlehem","Barcelona","British Rail","Bahá'í Faith","Bald eagle","Big Brother (Nineteen Eighty-Four)","Book of Daniel","Barcelonnette","Bear","Bodybuilding","Boxing","Baptism","Brian Lara","American Film Institute","Antigua and Barbuda","Apple Inc.","Andrey Markov","Andy Warhol","Acute disseminated encephalomyelitis","Alvin Toffler","American Revolutionary War","Annual plant","Alexander the Great","Amsterdam","Abortion","Akira Kurosawa","Ancient Egypt","Azerbaijan","Art","Alexander Graham Bell","Ada Lovelace","Arabic","Amateur astronomy","August Derleth","Alfred Hitchcock","Alfred Korzybski","MessagePad","Anime","Asteroid","The Amazing Spider-Man","Alfred Nobel","Alfons Maria Jakob","Austrian German","Author","Aberdeenshire","Aung San Suu Kyi","A Vindication of the Rights of Woman","Aberdare","Andalusia","Augustine of Canterbury","Accounting","Anthroposophy","Aargau","Arthur Phillip","Abbas Mirza","Abertillery","Abbas II of Egypt","Aberdour","Aragonese language","Abraham Joshua Heschel","Azad Kashmir","Ajaccio","AutoCAD","Antoine Thomson d'Abbadie","Abdülaziz","Ansgar","Abd-ar-Rahman III","Advertising","Aswan","Asian Development Bank","Ant","Abdul Hamid I","Adam of Bremen","Anxiolytic","African National Congress","Afyonkarahisar","Arthur William à Beckett","Abbahu","Apollos","André the Giant","American Civil Liberties Union","Apple II series","Aster CT-80","Aesthetics","Anne Brontë","African Americans","Augustine of Hippo","Alexander Technique","Adam Weishaupt","Amerigo Vespucci","American Revolution","Afrikaans","Heathenry in the United States","Alvar Aalto","A. J. Ayer","Assyria","Argument from morality","Arsenal F.C.","August Horch","Ani DiFranco","Acting","Apple III","All Quiet on the Western Front","Australian Capital Territory","Auschwitz concentration camp","Acts of the Apostles","Adalbert of Prague","Aphasia","Arbor Day","Aaliyah","Crandall University","Cuisine of the United States","`Abdu'l-Bahá","Arthur Jensen","Austria-Hungary","Atlanta","A. E. Housman","Australian Broadcasting Corporation","Albanians","Alexandria","Al Capp","Ambrose of Alexandria","Athanasius of Alexandria","Association for Computing Machinery","The Birth of a Nation","Arthur Laurents","Andrew S. Tanenbaum","Arithmetic","Admiralty","Acts of Union 1707","Adin Steinsaltz","Outback","Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act","AMOS (programming language)","Alan Jay Lerner","Autumn","Alcoholism","Boris Pasternak","British Museum","Basques","Bill Holbrook"],"word":"educ","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11369","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11337","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11285","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11161","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11185","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11169","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11331","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11281","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11194","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11195","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11319","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11227","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11109","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11339","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11145","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11162","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11358","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11330","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11259","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11168","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11282","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11257","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11181","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11231","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11244","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11188","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11175","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11288","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11182","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11252","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11547","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11458","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11408","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11600","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11544","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11391","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11431","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11479","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11475","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11625","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11587","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11593","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11396","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11466","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11519","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11627","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11418","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11574","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11543","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11387","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11448","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11461","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11460","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11491","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11525","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11530","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11497","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11592","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13224","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13156","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13275","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13104","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13120","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13171","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13159","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13270","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13212","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13253","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13118","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13172","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13250","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13145","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10989","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10858","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10960","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11033","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10992","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10823","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11015","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11001","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10878","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10979","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10951","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10825","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11054","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11002","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10896","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10957","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10828","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11092","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10993","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10996","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10859","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10868","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10852","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13076","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13070","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12991","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13082","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13049","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13021","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12883","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12961","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12970","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13037","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13046","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12855","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13058","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12980","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12957","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12997","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12963","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12955","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12881","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13022","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13017","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12958","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12976","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12995","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12837","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12862","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12899","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12990","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12835","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12964","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12987","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12891","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13024","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11929","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11867","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11974","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11955","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11887","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11875","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11698","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11857","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11820","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11968","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11883","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11874","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11812","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11958","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11891","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11794","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11953","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11959","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11973","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11705","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11773","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11826","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11675","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11884","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11930","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11699","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11772","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11801","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12108","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12218","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12067","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12150","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12186","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12065","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12176","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12060","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12111","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12157","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12102","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12229","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12213","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12010","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12061","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12131","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12072","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12166","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12216","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12161","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12075","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12233","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12112","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12234","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12027","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12047","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12063","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12118","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12070","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12062","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12104","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12080","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12191","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12007","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12189","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12069","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12073","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12015","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12179","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12199","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12148","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12123","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12181","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12113","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12232","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12025","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12775","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12566","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12590","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12674","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12707","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12750","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12537","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12740","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12663","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12562","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12594","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12789","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12743","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12622","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12651","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12533","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12646","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12645","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12804","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12569","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12710","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12731","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12686","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12615","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12551","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12696","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12578","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12552","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12665","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12557","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12697","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12754","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12648","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12799","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12772","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12794","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12810","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12730","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9299","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9334","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9252","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9223","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9236","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9339","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9253","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9349","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9321","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9239","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9351","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9262","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9317","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9160","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9132","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9099","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9338","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9248","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9140","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9279","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9311","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9316","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9352","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9333","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9247","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9238","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9128","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9235","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9342","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10005","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10021","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10004","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10152","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10119","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10013","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9971","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9986","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10002","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10128","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10115","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10150","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10046","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10174","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10011","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10075","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9993","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10110","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9962","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10105","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10081","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10091","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10148","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9974","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9955","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10030","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10101","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10153","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9997","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10133","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10076","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10085","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10067","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9508","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9356","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9366","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9364","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9545","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9514","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9536","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9602","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9420","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9498","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9391","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9369","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9455","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9424","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9402","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9549","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9374","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9380","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9481","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9359","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9611","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9480","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9482","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9367","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9459","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9389","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9506","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9541","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9384","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9516","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9370","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9515","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9615","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9441","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9400","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9603","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9799","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9658","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9620","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9657","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9705","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9674","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10772","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10712","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10577","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10672","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10683","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10663","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10612","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10710","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10597","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10791","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10633","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10623","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10725","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10711","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10819","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10511","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10778","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10786","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10737","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10689","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10783","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10518","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10781","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10793","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10596","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10707","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10671","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10700","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10740","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10332","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10357","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10223","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10315","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10328","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10186","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10407","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10264","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10286","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10482","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10374","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10207","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10313","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10258","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10473","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10400","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10390","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10406","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10293","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10277","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10409","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10245","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10510","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10224","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10404","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10358","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12480","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12307","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12398","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12432","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12454","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12521","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12426","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12491","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12471","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12281","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12495","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12253","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12353","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12326","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12333","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12493","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12274","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12369","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12246","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12407","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12408","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12305","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12309","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12479","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12514","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8997","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8845","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8968","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8881","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8783","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8973","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9021","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8876","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8912","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9014","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8875","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9010","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8921","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8855","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9039","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8828","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8927","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9002","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8833","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8844","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8900","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9072","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8914","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8860","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8886","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8786","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9058","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8824","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8816","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5050","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5211","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5178","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5278","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5015","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4982","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5195","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5142","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4986","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4980","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4971","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5176","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5048","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5188","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5046","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5166","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5213","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5233","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5216","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4973","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5180","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5282","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5222","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5199","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5224","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5194","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5031","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7070","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7144","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7175","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6886","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7129","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6889","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7059","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7056","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7179","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6881","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6968","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6947","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6883","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6884","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7104","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7085","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7119","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6902","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6874","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7390","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7434","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7478","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7222","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7462","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7202","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7383","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7305","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7406","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7382","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7299","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7294","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7487","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7345","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7185","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7293","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7398","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7283","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7397","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7236","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7381","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7271","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7447","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7342","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6623","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6321","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6452","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6533","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6336","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6532","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6630","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6558","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6451","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6340","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6566","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6466","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6610","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6468","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6437","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6443","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7683","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7676","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7818","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7591","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7587","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7738","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7668","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7564","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7541","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7821","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7554","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7577","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7525","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7612","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7822","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7773","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7573","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7740","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7578","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7550","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7593","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7626","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7672","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7628","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7716","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7635","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7566","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7742","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7630","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7824","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7548","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7558","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8051","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8060","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8128","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7930","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8043","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8025","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8067","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8005","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7891","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8024","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8038","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7959","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8090","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8133","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7989","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7925","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8033","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7976","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8104","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7845","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7957","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8078","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7885","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8065","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8088","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7978","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8063","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8083","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8716","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8742","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8729","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8753","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8778","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4848","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4741","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4827","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4820","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4868","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4792","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4717","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4752","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4693","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4858","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4745","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4896","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4871","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4880","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4941","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4911","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4930","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4862","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4842","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4695","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4770","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8699","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8582","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8478","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8660","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8522","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8713","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8642","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8683","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8687","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8584","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8533","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8592","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8487","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8504","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8613","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8650","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8715","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8662","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8500","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8695","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8659","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8574","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8560","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8605","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8498","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8629","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5762","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5836","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5830","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5786","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5766","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5845","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5769","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5839","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5844","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5751","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5820","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5876","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5822","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5829","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5955","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5796","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5823","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5976","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5790","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5804","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5750","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5696","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5593","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5689","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5596","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5576","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5622","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5735","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5551","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5636","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5588","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5554","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5676","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5626","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5688","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5695","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5573","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5690","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5559","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5597","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5598","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5575","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5654","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5581","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5645","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5681","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5592","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5556","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5646","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5648","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5736","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5566","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5630","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5561","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5739","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5584","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5708","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5635","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5574","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5698","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6310","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6046","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6187","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6267","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6210","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6038","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6024","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6195","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6208","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6251","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6117","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6288","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6088","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6185","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6258","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6130","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6059","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6176","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6290","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6091","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6293","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5374","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5490","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5478","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5488","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5321","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5363","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5403","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5399","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5314","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5430","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5432","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5416","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5326","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5322","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5391","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5407","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5489","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5323","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5473","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5378","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5520","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5468","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5523","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5397","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5388","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5405","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5447","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5486","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5494","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5500","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5481","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5461","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8182","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8205","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8351","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8303","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8418","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8256","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8227","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8237","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8389","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8432","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8199","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8308","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8305","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8169","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8206","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8302","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8176","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8242","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8412","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8193","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8240","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8311","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8209","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8391","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8211","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8197","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8166","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6811","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6787","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6749","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6666","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6859","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6751","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6653","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6742","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6814","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6822","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6824","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6675","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6731","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6784","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6852","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6677","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6771","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6849","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6747","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=738","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=25","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=303","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=717","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=701","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=737","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=573","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=600","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=308","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=653","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=706","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=339","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=307","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=736","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=358","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=624","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=682","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=664","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=683","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=690","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=628","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=711","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=572","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=595","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=689","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=620","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=569","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=580","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=704","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3383","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3470","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3343","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3415","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3454","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3464","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3450","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3354","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3458","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3637","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3457","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3466","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3338","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3583","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3607","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3462","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3376","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3459","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3453","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3469","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3451","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3537","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3460","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3385","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3356","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3463","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3408","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3605","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3455","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3634","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3535","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3401","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3614","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1859","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1734","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1930","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1845","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1627","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1645","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1655","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1789","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1625","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1938","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1751","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1640","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1624","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1814","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1914","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1822","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1841","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1937","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1881","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1676","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1842","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1726","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1897","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1806","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1921","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1902","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1837","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1812","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1828","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1649","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4463","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4608","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4545","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4647","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4554","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4482","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4481","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4560","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4462","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4477","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4589","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4484","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4492","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4451","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4531","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4565","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4583","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4622","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3850","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3832","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3638","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3873","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3708","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3678","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3874","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3789","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3665","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3817","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3875","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3933","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3765","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3778","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3747","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3696","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3921","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3674","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3776","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3856","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3878","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3650","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3738","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3722","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3712","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3683","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2377","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2185","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2176","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2397","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2428","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2447","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2444","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2408","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2236","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2398","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2439","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2179","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2466","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2460","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2314","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2402","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2425","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2388","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2310","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2186","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2406","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2405","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2422","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2241","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2382","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2381","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2197","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2411","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2201","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2204","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2222","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2274","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2376","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2245","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1573","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1293","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1520","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1449","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1384","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1408","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1397","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1546","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1338","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1315","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1270","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1446","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1592","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1494","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1576","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1537","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1556","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1451","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1409","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1325","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1423","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1425","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1485","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1577","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1530","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1623","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1316","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1600","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1363","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1613","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1130","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1214","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1216","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1051","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1038","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1217","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1078","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1097","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1152","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1110","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1092","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1016","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=984","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1029","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1017","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1201","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1162","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1177","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1164","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1208","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1143","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1235","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1170","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1028","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1148","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1081","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1023","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1094","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1002","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1058","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1192","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=983","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4157","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4032","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4041","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4031","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4182","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4237","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4214","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4179","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4015","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3973","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4054","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4059","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4068","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4078","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4173","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4171","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4207","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4233","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3979","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4166","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3992","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4146","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3986","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4149","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4163","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4294","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4312","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4443","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4385","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4251","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4401","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4261","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4333","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4249","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4400","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4360","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4243","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4298","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4367","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=869","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=951","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=856","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=915","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=864","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=967","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=930","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=771","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=777","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=783","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=844","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=765","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=872","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=874","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=746","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=752","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=852","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=974","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=803","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=748","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=980","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=808","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=784","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=887","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=800","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=791","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=931","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=851","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=892","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=825","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=914","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=857","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2834","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2701","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2736","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2593","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2493","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2467","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2563","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2610","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2717","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2609","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2712","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2813","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2851","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2745","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2640","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2753","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2607","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2681","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2544","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2678","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2514","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2512","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2594","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2692","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2552","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2503","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2668","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2707","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2671","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2686","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2575","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1950","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2116","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2137","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2130","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2029","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2154","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2030","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1957","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2077","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2062","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1973","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2162","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2104","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2009","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2018","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2085","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2003","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2174","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2038","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2126","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2032","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2117","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2152","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1944","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2006","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2084","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2108","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2088","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2017","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2144","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2025","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2175","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3019","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3029","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2983","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3138","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3198","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3079","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3080","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3012","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3020","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3225","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3333","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2999","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3110","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3118","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2988","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2987","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3192","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3229","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3035","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2957","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3010","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3049","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2965","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4667","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4675","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4660","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4669"]}
	{"docID":[5222],"text":["number of institutions devoted to health and an immense inventory of natural and architectural sites. Cities such as Bogotá Cali Medellín and Bucaramanga are the most visited in cardiology procedures neurology dental treatments stem cell therapy ENT ophthalmology and joint replacements because of the quality of medical treatment. A study"],"title":["Colombia"],"word":"educacin","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5222"]}
	{"docID":[4752,5976],"text":["the official curriculum. The city has six international schools: American School of Brasília Brasília International School (BIS) Escola das Nações Swiss International School (SIS) Lycée français François-Mitterrand (LfFM) and Maple Bear Canadian School. August 2016 will see the opening of a new international school \u2013 The British School of Brasilia.","name. In 1937 Bimba founded the school \"Centro de Cultura Física e Luta Regional\" with permission from Salvador's Secretary of Education (\"Secretaria da Educação Saúde e Assistência de Salvador\"). His work was very well received and he taught capoeira to the cultural elite of the city. By 1940 capoeira finally"],"title":["Brasília","Capoeira"],"word":"educao","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4752","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5976"]}
	{"docID":[5323,10021,10332],"text":["with a numerical orientation consider alignment with computational science. Both types of departments tend to make efforts to bridge the field educationally if not across all research. A number of computer scientists have argued for the distinction of three separate paradigms in computer science. Peter Wegner argued that those paradigms","the essentialists perennialists are educationally conservative in the requirement of a curriculum focused upon fundamental subject areas but stress that the overall aim should be exposure to history's finest thinkers as models for discovery. The student should be taught such basic subjects as English languages history mathematics natural science philosophy","cognitive development is concerned with individual differences in the organization of cognitive processes and abilities in their rate of change and in their mechanisms of change. The principles underlying intra- and inter-individual differences could be educationally useful because knowing how students differ in regard to the various dimensions of cognitive"],"title":["Computer science","Educational perennialism","Educational psychology"],"word":"education","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5323","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10021","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10332"]}
	{"docID":[11144],"text":["liturgy. Romanesque churches in Catalonia were richly painted in 12th and 13th century with both decorative and educational\u2014for the illiterate faithfuls\u2014roles as can be seen in the MNAC in Barcelona where is kept a large collection of Catalan romanesque art. In Denmark too church wall paintings or \"kalkmalerier\" were widely"],"title":["Fresco"],"word":"educationalfor","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11144"]}
	{"docID":[2078],"text":["educational/home computer made by Acorn Computers Ltd. It has 32 kilobytes of RAM and its ROM includes BBC BASIC v2 along with its operating system. The Electron was able to save and load programs onto audio cassette via a supplied converter cable that connected it to any standard tape recorder"],"title":["Acorn Electron"],"word":"educationalhom","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2078"]}
	{"docID":[10332],"text":["Pestalozzi's ideals introduced \"educationalisation.\" This created the bridge between social issues and education by introducing the idea of social issues to be solved through education. Horlacher describes the most prominent example of this during The Enlightenment to be \"improving agricultural production methods.\" Johann Herbart (1776\u20131841) is considered the father of"],"title":["Educational psychology"],"word":"educationalis","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10332"]}
	{"docID":[8997,12797,6784],"text":["the Open University (OU) as one of widening access to the highest standards of scholarship in higher education and set up a planning committee consisting of university vice-chancellors educationalists and television broadcasters chaired by Sir Peter Venables. The British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) Assistant Director of Engineering at the time James","classical pianist music composer and educationalist. He is especially known for his compositions of study material for piano. Other compositions include two piano concertos a violin sonata and a sonata for cello. Hengeveld was an able interpreter and performer of the music of Bach for piano and harpsichord. He gave","a say in decision making. They suggest that schools are fundamentally undemocratic institutions and that such a setting"],"title":["Distance education","Gerard Hengeveld","Citizenship"],"word":"educationalist","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8997","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12797","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6784"]}
	{"docID":[9262],"text":["education-entertainment is a serious attempt to combine the best features of the two. Some people are entertained by others' pain or the idea of their unhappiness (schadenfreude). An entertainment might go beyond gratification and produce some insight in its audience. Entertainment may skillfully consider universal philosophical questions such as: \"What"],"title":["Entertainment"],"word":"educationentertain","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9262"]}
	{"docID":[2813],"text":["2013/14 there are no recorded instances of this option being taken in primary or secondary education.In fact the only current scenario in which Aragonese is used as the language of instruction is in the university course of Aragonese Philology which is optional taught over the summer and still only given"],"title":["Aragonese language"],"word":"educationin","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2813"]}
	{"docID":[9248],"text":["Esperanto to be used from the 1950s until the 1970s in war games by mock enemy forces. Esperanto is the working language of several non-profit international organizations such as the \"\" a left-wing cultural association which has members in over 85 countries. There is also Education@Internet which has developed from"],"title":["Esperanto"],"word":"educationinternet","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9248"]}
	{"docID":[5622],"text":["time outgrow the building that then housed it. He said given the educational work that was producing a large literate population demanding books in English Malay and Chinese what was surely needed was a genuinely public libraryair-conditioned to preserve the books and of a design to make those books readily"],"title":["C. Northcote Parkinson"],"word":"educationist","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5622"]}
	{"docID":[7586],"text":["prayer preaching and Bible study. Ecclesias are typically involved in preaching the gospel (evangelism) in the form of public lectures on Bible teaching college-style seminars on reading the Bible and Bible Reading Groups. Correspondence courses are also used widely particularly in areas where there is no established Christadelphian presence. Some"],"title":["Christadelphians"],"word":"educationlearn","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7586"]}
	{"docID":[1384],"text":["about the acquisition of facts but the development of a reflective state of mind. Alcott's ideas as an educator were controversial. Writer Harriet Martineau for example wrote dubiously that \"the master presupposes his little pupils possessed of all truth; and that his business is to bring it out into expression\"."],"title":["Amos Bronson Alcott"],"word":"educationrecess","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1384"]}
	{"docID":[9750],"text":["their children. By now more than 140 000 students are benefiting from EVS and the program is being scaled up by financing from Government of Punjab. In the 1980s the Reagan administration pushed for vouchers as did the George W. Bush administration in the initial education-reform proposals leading up to"],"title":["School voucher"],"word":"educationreform","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750"]}
	{"docID":[12958],"text":["not the illiterate peasants from which Verdi later liked to present himself as having emerged... Carlo Verdi was energetic in furthering his son's education...something which Verdi tended to hide in later life... [T]he picture emerges of youthful precocity eagerly nurtured by an ambitious father and of a sustained sophisticated and"],"title":["Giuseppe Verdi"],"word":"educationsometh","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12958"]}
	{"docID":[5689],"text":["\"college\" is the generic term for any post-secondary undergraduate education. Americans \"go to college\" after high school regardless of whether the specific institution is formally a college or a university. Some students choose to dual-enroll by taking college classes while still in high school. The word and its derivatives are"],"title":["College"],"word":"educationstud","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5689"]}
	{"docID":[5405,3451],"text":["linguistic backgrounds. [[Chinese characters]] have been used as the [[writing system|written script]] for the Sinitic languages for thousands of years. They allow speakers of mutually unintelligible Chinese varieties to communicate with each other through writing. In 1956 the government introduced [[Simplified Chinese characters|simplified characters]] which have supplanted the older [[Traditional","independence. The Bahamas joined the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank on 22 August 1973 and it joined the United Nations on 18 September 1973. Based on the twin pillars of tourism and offshore finance the Bahamian economy has prospered since the 1950s. Significant challenges in areas such as"],"title":["China","The Bahamas"],"word":"educationtertiari","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5405","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3451"]}
	{"docID":[7398],"text":["taken. End user security habits. Reimers and Andersson have conducted a number of studies on end user security habits and found that the same type of repeated education/training in security \"best practices\" can have a marked effect on the perception of compliance with good end user network security habits especially"],"title":["Computer security"],"word":"educationtrain","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7398"]}
	{"docID":[8569],"text":["source code was publicly released in 2003. Various source ports have been made including \"EDuke32\" \"JFDuke3D\" \"nDuke\" \"hDuke\" and \"xDuke\". All five offer the original visual appearance of the game while \"EDuke32\" also supports OpenGL rendering including the capability to use fan-created modern graphics using the High Resolution Pack. \"nDuke\""],"title":["Duke Nukem 3D"],"word":"eduk","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8569"]}
	{"docID":[12961],"text":["the eduroam service. Together with European NRENs GÉANT connects 50 million users in over 10000 institutions. Through links to research networks in other regions (such as Internet2 and ESnet in the USA AfricaConnect in Africa TEIN in Asia-Pacific and RedCLARA in Latin America) GÉANT enables collaboration between researchers in over"],"title":["GÉANT"],"word":"eduroam","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12961"]}
	{"docID":[9252],"text":["issues of social development. India is developing technologies that will bypass land-based telephone and Internet infrastructure to deliver distance learning directly to its students. In 2004 the Indian Space Research Organisation launched EDUSAT a communications satellite providing access to educational materials that can reach more of the country's population at"],"title":["Education"],"word":"edusat","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9252"]}
	{"docID":[10711],"text":["election. The regular parliamentary term is four years; however the president may dissolve the eduskunta and order new elections at the request of the prime minister and after consulting the speaker of parliament. The parliament has since equal and common suffrage was introduced in 1906 been dominated by secular Conservatives"],"title":["Politics of Finland"],"word":"eduskunta","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10711"]}
	{"docID":[9262],"text":["\"edutainment\" or \"infotainment\". The psychology of entertainment as well as of learning has been applied to all these fields. Some education-entertainment is a serious attempt to combine the best features of the two. Some people are entertained by others' pain or the idea of their unhappiness (schadenfreude). An entertainment might"],"title":["Entertainment"],"word":"edutain","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9262"]}
	{"docID":[11339],"text":["Edinburgh SML<br> Edison<br> EDL<br> EDM<br> EdML<br> EDMS<br> EDO DRAM<br> EDO memory<br> EDO RAM<br> EDP<br> EDRAM<br> e-dress<br> EDS+<br> edu<br> edutainment<br> Edward Lorenz<br> Edward Yourdon<br> ee<br> EEMA<br> EEPROM<br> EER<br> E. F. Codd<br> EFF<br> effective computable<br> effective number of bits<br> Effort Adjustment Factor<br> EFL<br> EFNet<br> Eforth<br> E-Forth<br> EFT<br> EFTS<br> eg<br> EGA<br> egosurfing<br> EGP<br>"],"title":["Wikipedia:Free On-line Dictionary of Computing/E - H"],"word":"edutainmentbr","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11339"]}
	{"docID":[11857],"text":["whether the selling of Lucasfilm would affect his involvement with such film. In October 2016 Lucas announced his decision to not be involved in the story of the film but would remain an executive producer. Lucas has pledged to give half of his fortune to charity as part of an"],"title":["George Lucas"],"word":"edutopia","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11857"]}
	{"docID":[10251,1349,1208,5218,6229],"text":["EDVAC\" the machine was constructed by Maurice Wilkes and his team at the University of Cambridge Mathematical Laboratory in England. EDSAC was the second electronic digital stored-program computer to go into regular service. Later the project was supported by J. Lyons & Co. Ltd. a British firm who were rewarded","it from more general machines like contemporary Konrad Zuse's Z3 (1941) or later machines like the 1946 ENIAC the 1949 EDVAC the University of Manchester designs or Alan Turing's post-War design of ACE at NPL and elsewhere. Nor did it implement the stored program architecture that made practical fully general-purpose","the development of SIGSALY a secure voice system that was used in the later years of the war. Between 1945 and 1947 Turing lived in Hampton London while he worked on the design of the ACE (Automatic Computing Engine) at the National Physical Laboratory (NPL). He presented a paper on","the EDVAC\". It was the outline of a stored-program computer that would eventually be completed in August 1949. EDVAC was designed to perform a certain number of instructions (or operations) of various types. Significantly the programs written for EDVAC were to be stored in high-speed computer memory rather than specified","furnace at Dollis Hill. He later said of that order: A small number of people who were associated with Colossus\u2014and knew that large-scale reliable high-speed electronic digital computing devices were feasible\u2014played significant roles in early computer work in the UK and probably in the US. However being so secret it"],"title":["Electronic delay storage automatic calculator","Atanasoff\u2013Berry computer","Alan Turing","Central processing unit","Colossus computer"],"word":"edvac","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10251","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1349","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1208","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5218","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6229"]}
	{"docID":[5654,5698,5321,5322,5166,10823,9779,9667,9514,9421,10623,3741,3776,2983,3124],"text":["collections influenced many Russian painters in particular Arkhip Kuindzhi (c. 1842\u20131910) and Ivan Shishkin (1832\u201398). Friedrich's spirituality anticipated American painters such as Albert Pinkham Ryder (1847\u20131917) Ralph Blakelock (1847\u20131919) the painters of the Hudson River School and the New England Luminists. At the turn of the 20th century Friedrich was","cards she wrote: \"We may say most aptly that the Analytical Engine weaves algebraical patterns just as the Jacquard loom weaves flowers and leaves.\" Babbage visited Turin in 1840 at the invitation of Giovanni Plana. In 1842 Charles Wheatstone approached Lovelace to translate a paper of Luigi Menabrea who had","One concentration camp was located within the Czech territory at Terezín north of Prague. The Nazi \"Generalplan Ost\" called for the extermination expulsion Germanization or enslavement of most or all Czechs for the purpose of providing more living space for the German people. There was Czech resistance to Nazi occupation","of Czechoslovakia from the Austrian Empire. With the outbreak of World War I Masaryk began working for Czech independence in a union with Slovakia. With Edvard Beneš and Milan Rastislav Štefánik Masaryk visited several Western countries and won support from influential publicists. Bohemia and Moravia under Austrian rule were Czech-speaking","The former cattle market Øksnehallen has been converted into a modern exhibition centre for art and photography. Radisson Blu Royal Hotel built by Danish architect and designer Arne Jacobsen for the airline Scandinavian Airlines System (SAS) between 1956 and 1960 was once the tallest hotel in Denmark with a height","a pianist and composer were recognized by many of his fellow musicians. Schumann named a piece for him in his suite \"Carnaval\" and Chopin later dedicated his Ballade No. 2 in F major to Schumann. Elements of Chopin's music can be traced in many of Liszt's later works. Liszt later","of Oslo which built the Munch Museum at Tøyen (it opened in 1963). The museum holds a collection of approximately 1100 paintings 4500 drawings and 18000 prints the broadest collection of his works in the world. The Munch Museum serves as Munch's official estate and has been active in responding","In 2014 John O'Keefe May-Britt Moser and Edvard Moser received the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine partly because of this discovery. Neurons in the lateral entorhinal cortex exhibit little spatial selectivity whereas neurons of the medial entorhinal cortex (MEA) exhibit multiple \"place fields\" that are arranged in a hexagonal","no one in my country can play and here comes this Australian who plays them as they ought to be played! He is a genius that we Scandinavians cannot do other than love.\u201d Edvard Grieg died at the Municipal Hospital in Bergen Norway in the late summer of 1907 at","Helsingør in 2012. It was inaugurated by then Minister of culture Uffe Elbæk in June 2012. It is seen as the counterpart (and even little brother) to Edvard Eriksen's world-famous \"The Little Mermaid\" statue in Copenhagen and has caused both praise and protests among locals. The Swedish city of Helsingborg","In Norway the work of collectors such as Ludvig Mathias Lindeman was extensively used by Edvard Grieg in his \"Lyric Pieces\" for piano and in other works which became immensely popular. Around this time composers of classical music developed a strong interest in collecting traditional songs and a number of","Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. During his acceptance speech he reflected on the important influence of traditional European music and the melancholy of the Swedish soul on ABBA's brand of pop music. \"If you live in a country like Sweden with five six months of snow and the sun","Clausen's shooting of the Swedish commander Johan Printzensköld on 8 December 1658. Following the revolt a deputation of islanders presented the island as a gift to King Frederick III on the condition that the island would never be ceded again. This status was confirmed in the Treaty of Copenhagen in","with the geographically neighbouring Russia however had a relatively low weight (1910: 3% of all exports /mainly machinery for Russia 7% of all imports /mainly raw materials from Russia). Prior to World War I the Austrian Empire had five car manufacturer companies. These were: Austro-Daimler in Wiener-Neustadt (cars trucks buses)","winds. Edvard Munch's painting \"The Scream\" possibly depicts an afterglow during this"],"title":["Caspar David Friedrich","Charles Babbage","Czech Republic","Czechoslovakia","Copenhagen","Frédéric Chopin","Edvard Munch","Entorhinal cortex","Edvard Grieg","Helsingør","Folk music","Benny Andersson","Bornholm","Austria-Hungary","Afterglow"],"word":"edvard","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5654","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5698","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5321","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5322","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5166","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10823","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9667","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9514","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9421","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10623","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3741","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3776","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2983","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3124"]}
	{"docID":[7990],"text":["(EDW) is a system used for reporting and data analysis and is considered a core component of business intelligence. DWs are central repositories of integrated data from one or more disparate sources. They store current and historical data in one single place that are used for creating analytical reports for"],"title":["Data warehouse"],"word":"edw","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7990"]}
	{"docID":[7931,8051,7923,7966,8079,8083,8117,7843,7770,7566,7683,7668,7572,7627,7716,7655,7697,7638,7630,7701,7527,7635,6874,6883,7025,7174,7039,6963,6886,6942,7023,7045,6881,6546,6629,6576,6571,6449,6340,6446,6645,6611,6558,6623,6585,6516,6456,8718,7406,7382,7235,7411,7426,7272,7341,7345,7299,7211,7222,7398,7492,7200,7203,7236,5030,5180,5025,4961,5233,5254,5247,5035,5285,4997,5261,5224,5249,8618,8630,8544,8662,8605,8478,8695,8580,8582,8470,8498,4953,4849,4960,4692,4868,4789,4794,4820,4930,4858,4730,4922,4728,4854,4878,4871,4691,6824,6751,6788,6728,6731,6690,6713,6654,6827,6851,6739,6710,6675,6777,5698,5729,5655,5584,5704,5693,5716,5724,5643,5700,5622,5702,6130,6117,6267,6258,6295,6195,6310,6176,5993,6185,6279,6038,5388,5416,5326,5395,5489,5363,5498,5469,5942,5920,5830,5981,5771,5884,5943,5766,5786,5961,5882,5951,5813,5760,5959,5955,8274,8166,8459,8162,8397,8324,8311,8222,8246,8343,8436,8420,3198,3029,3012,2940,3333,2934,3077,3022,3019,3038,1965,2065,2175,2029,1950,2070,2134,1973,2122,2017,4248,4371,4340,4356,4368,4396,4312,841,843,980,771,857,852,856,808,868,740,924,2715,2674,2866,2577,2890,2861,2639,2786,2681,2717,4671,4675,4688,1214,1078,981,1177,1164,984,1000,1002,1208,1023,1148,1016,1130,1152,1203,2321,2216,2444,2439,2178,2257,2397,2296,2274,2335,2371,2310,2388,2207,2176,307,573,303,309,339,736,569,664,1677,1640,1661,1805,1837,1653,1623,1637,1683,1627,1825,1854,1790,1767,1937,1859,3355,3392,3397,3352,3386,3460,3338,3359,4482,4544,4615,4503,4572,4481,4460,4622,4560,4580,4487,4518,4649,4644,4621,4543,4606,3793,3833,3969,3914,3712,3856,3741,3916,3970,3746,3959,3954,4024,4035,4224,4010,4204,4181,4097,4166,4049,4203,4163,3981,4173,1256,1593,1423,1583,1486,1546,1451,1394,1545,1494,1361,1367,1446,1346,1570,1267,1316,1347,10802,10814,10783,10672,10520,10576,10793,10683,10597,10687,9627,9814,9723,9700,9703,9630,9709,9806,9841,9725,9799,9732,9670,9737,9833,10408,10245,10277,10338,10350,10332,10354,10310,10370,10264,10374,10393,10313,10484,10501,10390,9316,9321,9209,9333,9137,9299,9279,9311,8973,8798,8832,8997,9048,8838,9002,8958,8791,10896,10929,11033,10979,10885,10852,10886,10859,12004,12224,12166,12104,12010,12167,11986,12102,12081,11994,12884,12990,12975,13021,12835,12888,12905,13007,12855,13090,13064,12850,13092,13011,12903,13049,12963,12987,13026,13070,13078,13148,13159,13219,13255,13256,13212,13109,11493,11508,11418,11390,11579,11461,11642,11555,11660,11460,11661,11616,11644,11469,11523,11404,11447,11408,11668,11794,11698,11715,11974,11968,11959,11820,11812,11891,11734,11857,11242,11107,11319,11127,11142,11250,11181,11369,11339,12601,12684,12792,12787,12799,12707,12578,12562,12772,12556,12789,12622,12743,9506,9591,9602,9467,9450,9515,9603,9429,9578,9426,9920,9997,10085,10083,10128,10158,10030,10101,9946,10119,9995,10049,9935,10134,9966,10136,9962,10174,9937,12490,12471,12523,12334,12466,12265,12333,12495,12446,12514,12454,12367,12286,12384,12301,12426,12253,12366,12304,12393,12365],"text":["Dutch and the Germans call theirs word-books than dictionaries in the superior sense of that title.\" In 1616 John Bullokar described the history of the dictionary with his \"English Expositor\". \"Glossographia\" by Thomas Blount published in 1656 contains more than 10000 words along with their etymologies or histories. Edward Phillips","was transferred from the Leeward Island Administration and was governed as part of the Windwards until 1958 when it joined the short-lived West Indies Federation. In 1961 a Dominica Labor Party government led by Edward Oliver LeBlanc was elected. After the federation dissolved Dominica became an associated state of the","history for Renfield who now replaced Jonathan Harker as Dracula's solicitor in the first part of the story; combined Mina Harker and Lucy Westenra into a single character (named Lucy); and omitted both Arthur Holmwood and Quincey Morris entirely. When the play premiered in New York it was with Bela","a 1976 \"New York\" magazine article titled \"Tribal Rites of the New Saturday Night\" which supposedly chronicled the disco culture in mid-1970s New York City but was later revealed to have been fabricated. Some critics said the film \"mainstreamed\" disco making it more acceptable to heterosexual white males. Chic was","critics. \"Fight Club\" (1999) is a screen adaptation of Chuck Palahniuk's 1996 novel about an insomniac office worker who opens up a club devoted exclusively to bare knuckle fighting for men. Featuring Edward Norton Helena Bonham Carter and \"Seven\" collaborator Brad Pitt the film was an early disappointment at the","fellow producer Timbaland titled \"Chairmen of the Board\". In 2007 Dr. Dre's third studio album formerly known as \"Detox\" was slated to be his final studio album. Work for the upcoming album dates back to 2001 where its first version was called \"the most advanced rap album ever\" by producer","and levee trails belonging to the Don Edwards San Francisco Bay National Wildlife Refuge. The headquarters and visitor center for the refuge is on a hill south of the bridge approach. North of the east end of the bridge is Coyote Hills Regional Park with its network of trails running","Backward\" by Edward Bellamy depicts a fictional planned economy in a United States around the year 2000 which has become a socialist utopia. The World State in Aldous Huxley's \"Brave New World\" and Airstrip One in George Orwell's \"Nineteen Eighty-Four\" are both fictional examples of command economies albeit with diametrically","flower pot filled with earth and its branches are covered with presents chiefly of confectionary for the younger members of the family.\" The article distinguishes between customs in different states however claiming that in New England generally \"Christmas is not much celebrated\" whereas in Pennsylvania and New York it is.","David Atkinson as Billy Ruth Kobart as Nettie and Clayton reprising the role of Julie which she had originated. In August 1965 Rodgers and the Music Theater of Lincoln Center produced \"Carousel\" for 47 performances. John Raitt reprised the role of Billy with Jerry Orbach as Jigger and Reid Shelton","subsequent rulings. Louisiana's 1982 Balanced Treatment for Creation-Science and Evolution-Science Act authored by State Senator Bill P. Keith judged in the 1987 United States Supreme Court case \"Edwards v. Aguillard\" and was handed a similar ruling. It found the law to require the balanced teaching of creation science with evolution","in a band led by Russell Jacquet which also included Teddy Edwards Maurice Simon Bill Davis and Chico Hamilton and in May that year in Hollywood again with Teddy Edwards in a band led by Howard McGhee. He then played with Lionel Hampton's band in the late 1940s; Hampton performed","David Edwards and Vector. Early labels most now-defunct included Blonde Vinyl Frontline Exit and Refuge. By the 1990s many of these bands and artists had disbanded were no longer performing or were being carried by independent labels because their music tended to be more lyrically complex (and often more controversial)","Tale was intended to show its flaws although this is disputed. Chaucer himself had fought in the Hundred Years' War under Edward III who heavily emphasised chivalry during his reign. Two tales \"Sir Topas\" and \"The Tale of Melibee\" are told by Chaucer himself who is travelling with the pilgrims","Corwin S. D. Gottesman Edward J. Bellin Kenneth Falconer Walter C. Davies Simon Eisner Jordan Park Arthur Cooke Paul Dennis Lavond and Scott Mariner. The \"M\" in Kornbluth's name may have been in tribute to his wife Mary Byers; Kornbluth's colleague and collaborator Frederik Pohl confirmed Kornbluth's lack of any","Claire Voisin Jean-Loup Waldspurger Andrew Wiles and Edward Witten. Besides the Millennium Prize Problems the Clay Mathematics Institute supports mathematics via the awarding of research fellowships (which range from two to five years and are aimed at younger mathematicians) as well as shorter-term scholarships for programs individual research and book","fly. The YC-130 was piloted by Stanley Beltz and Roy Wimmer on its 61-minute flight to Edwards Air Force Base; Jack Real and Dick Stanton served as flight engineers. Kelly Johnson flew chase in a Lockheed P2V Neptune. After the two prototypes were completed production began in Marietta Georgia where","1998 book by the humanist biologist Edward Osborne Wilson as an attempt to bridge the culture gap between the sciences and the humanities that was the subject of C. P. Snow's \"The Two Cultures and the Scientific Revolution\" (1959). Wilson held that with the rise of the modern sciences the","Philip Augustus vis a vis England and the Empire. The Battle of Muret was a massive step in the creation of the unified French kingdom and the country we know today\u2014although Edward III the Black Prince and Henry V would threaten later to shake these foundations. The crusader army came","metabolite benzoylecgonine can be detected in the urine of people a few hours after drinking one cup of coca leaf infusion. The first synthesis and elucidation of the cocaine molecule was by Richard Willstätter in 1898. Willstätter's synthesis derived cocaine from tropinone. Since then Robert Robinson and Edward Leete have","famous concept albums by any artist. In addition to \"The Wall\" Danesi highlights Genesis' \"The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway\" (1974) and Zappa's \"Joe's Garage\" (1979) as other culturally significant concept albums. According to author Edward Macan concept albums as a recurrent theme in progressive rock was directly inspired by","with several other influential linguists such as Edward Sapir George P. Murdock and Benjamin Whorf. Hockett's dissertation was based on his fieldwork in Potawatomi; his paper on Potawatomi syntax was published in \"Language\" in 1939. In 1948 his dissertation was published as a series in the International Journal of American","and colleagues including Marvin Minsky Allen Newell Edward Feigenbaum and John McCarthy indicated that that effort would require between 1000 and 3000 person-years of effort hence not fit into the standard academic project model. Fortuitously events within a year of that meeting enabled that Manhattan-Project-sized effort to get underway. The","It is the smallest territorial police force in England and Wales in both geographic area and the number of police officers. Where the majority of British police forces have silver-coloured badges those of the City of London Police are black and gold featuring the City crest. The force has unique","Brunswick Ontario Nova Scotia Prince Edward Island Newfoundland and Quebec. British Columbia's Fraser River Valley region produces 17 million kg of cranberries annually from 1150 hectares about 95% of total Canadian production. In the United States Wisconsin is the leading producer of cranberries with over half of U.S. production. Massachusetts","related are colonial and anti-imperialist narratives. These often merge or are part of Marxist critiques from within China or the former Soviet Union or are postmodern critiques such as Edward Said's \"Orientalism\" which fault traditional scholarship for trying to fit West South and East Asia's histories into European categories unsuited","of interest in the topic during which Maxwell's classmate Edward John Routh abstracted Maxwell's results for the general class of linear systems. Independently Adolf Hurwitz analyzed system stability using differential equations in 1877 resulting in what is now known as the Routh\u2013Hurwitz theorem. A notable application of dynamic control was","Nova Scotia in 2005 and New Brunswick in 2010 2011 and 2013. In 2013 Newfoundland and Labrador became the last province to establish football at the minor league level with teams playing on the Avalon Peninsula and in Labrador City. The province however has yet to host a college or","Beast Abakanowicz's Agora; and Anish Kapoor's Cloud Gate which has become an icon of the city. Some events which shaped the city's history have also been memorialized by art works including the Great Northern Migration (Saar) and the centennial of statehood for Illinois. Finally two fountains near the Loop also","but not Catherine's attitude in its wording which has been reported with variations in different sources. Catherine died at Kimbolton Castle on 1536. The following day news of her death reached the king. At the time there were rumours that she was poisoned possibly by Gregory di Casale. According to","the life of the Confederacy related to (1) suspension of habeas corpus (2) military concerns such as control of state militia conscription and exemption (3) economic and fiscal policy including impressment of slaves goods and scorched earth and (4) support of the Jefferson Davis administration in its foreign affairs and","alongside TGV tracks might not have been achieved without the 1970s controversy over aircraft noise. In the UK the CPRE has issued tranquillity maps since 1990. Some sources say Concorde typically flew per passenger. Concorde was normally perceived as a privilege of the rich but special circular or one-way (with","alert up and active. Do it all in one sitting if you can. In one minute if you can. There is no use delaying\u2026Stop studying water pitchers and bananas and paint everyday life.\" He advised his students among them Edward Hopper and Rockwell Kent to live with the common man","first attested in 1707 in the writing of Edward Lhuyd whose work along with that of other late 17th-century scholars brought academic attention to the languages and history of the early Celtic inhabitants of Great Britain. The English form Gaul (first recorded in the 17th century) and Gaulish come from","in Constantinople. Prior to their departure Candide and Martin dine with six strangers who had come for Carnival of Venice. These strangers are revealed to be dethroned kings: the Ottoman Sultan Ahmed III Emperor Ivan VI of Russia Charles Edward Stuart (an unsuccessful pretender to the English throne) Augustus III","mask and he was sent back on the field. While the use of face masks was not unheard-of \u2013 Y.A. Tittle was using one that season as he nursed a fractured cheekbone \u2013 the injury contributed to their development. Brown is often credited with inventing and patenting the single-bar face","with them on the near (i.e. west) side of the Rhine and left six thousand men of their company there as guard and garrison\" (\"Gall.\" 2.29 trans. Edwards). They founded the city of Atuatuca in the land of the Belgic Eburones whom they dominated. Thus Ambiorix king of the Eburones","made accurate pocket watches possible. The great English clockmaker Thomas Tompion was one of the first to use this mechanism successfully in his pocket watches and he adopted the minute hand which after a variety of designs were trialled eventually stabilised into the modern-day configuration. The Rev. Edward Barlow invented","Scottish English and in some places Irish English than General American. Outside of major communities dialects can vary markedly from community to community as well as from province to province reflecting ethnic origin as well as a past in which there were few roads and many communities with some villages","wrote: The English zoologist Edward Bagnall Poulton studied animal coloration especially camouflage. In his 1890 book \"The Colours of Animals\" he classified different types such as \"special protective resemblance\" (where an animal looks like another object) or \"general aggressive resemblance\" (where a predator blends in with the background enabling it","hunting grounds. The Cottage was lived in by Edward Bulwer-Lytton (who wrote \"The Last Days of Pompeii\") and other somewhat notable (and moneyed) persons until it was destroyed by fire in May 1888. Many rumours persist among Fulham fans of past tenants of Craven Cottage. Sir Arthur Conan Doyle Jeremy","The company hired George Halas and Edward \"Dutch\" Sternaman in 1920 to run the team. The 1920 Decatur Staleys season was their inaugural regular season completed in the newly formed American Professional Football Association (later renamed the National Football League (NFL) in 1922). Full control of the team was turned","notable trio sonatas for flute cello and piano. Compositions from the early 20th century include Edward Elgar's Cello Concerto in E minor Claude Debussy's Sonata for Cello and Piano and unaccompanied cello sonatas by Zoltán Kodály and Paul Hindemith.  Other noteworthy composers of this era include modernist American composer Ruth","Kohut and others. The CJLS continued to issue groundbreaking ordinances and rulings. The postwar decades were a time of immense growth for the Conservative movement. Most of the 500000 decommissioned Jewish GI's left the densely populated immigrant neighbourhoods of the East Coast moving to suburbia. They were Americanized but still","1920s and which Brâncuși developed throughout his life. One of these versions caused a major controversy in 1926 when photographer Edward Steichen purchased it and shipped it to the United States. Customs officers did not accept the \"Bird\" as a work of art and assessed customs duty on its import","Big Bang using such scenarios as the collision of membranes. Philosopher Edward Feser states that classical philosophers' arguments for the existence of God do not care about the Big Bang or whether the universe had a beginning. The question is not about what got things started or how long they","Edward (\"Chuck\") Jones (November 8 1952 \u2013 September 11 2001) was a United States Air Force officer a computer programmer and an astronaut in the USAF Manned Spaceflight Engineer Program. Jones was born November 8 1952 in Clinton Indiana. He graduated from Wichita East High School in 1970 earned a","and George Edward Niewoehner a lawyer. He grew up in White Sulphur Springs Montana. He graduated from Whitman College in 1967. Benedict allegedly chose his stage name from a serving of Eggs Benedict he had prior to his acting career. Benedict's film debut was in the 1972 film \"Georgia Georgia\".","created by Edward the Elder around 920. In the Domesday Book Chester was recorded as having the name \"Cestrescir\" (Chestershire) derived from the name for Chester at the time. A series of changes that occurred as English itself changed together with some simplifications and elision resulted in the name Cheshire","population who are mostly descendants of African American loyalists or refugees from the War of 1812 largely concentrated in Nova Scotia but also in various communities throughout southern New Brunswick Cape Breton (where the black population is largely of West Indian descent) and Prince Edward Island. The Mi'kmaq Nation's reserves","Alfred's son Edward had rapidly secured control of Mercia and had a burh constructed at Bakewell in the Peak District from which his armies could easily strike north. An army from Dublin led by Ragnall's kinsman Sihtric struck at north-western Mercia in 919 but in 920 or 921 Edward met","the same year the first created out of it. British Columbia joined confederation in 1871 followed by Prince Edward Island in 1873. The Yukon Territory was created by Parliament in 1898 followed by Alberta and Saskatchewan in 1905. The Dominion of Newfoundland Britain's oldest colony in the Americas joined Canada","taxes without Parliament's consent not impose martial law on civilians not imprison them without due process and not quarter troops in their homes. Charles assented to the petition on 7 June but by the end of the month he had prorogued Parliament and re-asserted his right to collect customs duties","passages have been mistranslated or that they do not refer to what we understand as \"homosexuality.\" Clay Witt a minister in the Metropolitan Community Church explains how theologians and commentators like John Shelby Spong George Edwards and Michael England interpret injunctions against certain sexual acts as being originally intended as","color also reflected their states of mind. Faye Valentine Edward Wong and Ein joined the crew in later episodes. Their designs were intended to contrast against Spike. Faye was described by her voice actress as initially being an \"ugly\" woman with her defining traits being her liveliness sensuality and humanity.","collectors. It sold for a then record high amount: $6400. Soon thereafter a fan sold unauthorized prints of some of the Scrooge McDuck paintings leading Disney to withdraw permission for further paintings. To meet demand for new work Barks embarked on a series of paintings of non-Disney ducks and fantasy","essentially economic in its fundamental impulses.\" Classical liberals were generally in abstract opposition to colonialism (as opposed to colonization) and imperialism including Adam Smith Frédéric Bastiat Richard Cobden John Bright Henry Richard Herbert Spencer H. R. Fox Bourne Edward Morel Josephine Butler W. J. Fox and William Ewart Gladstone. Their","Although Caldwell was wounded three times and his Tomahawk was hit by more than 100 bullets and five 20 mm cannon shells Caldwell shot down Schröer's wingman and returned to base. Some sources also claim that in December 1941 Caldwell killed a prominent German \"Experte\" Erbo von Kageneck (69 kills)","U.S. Army used their native language as the basis for secret communication among Americans as Germans could not understand it. They are now called the Choctaw Code Talkers. The Choctaws were the Native American innovators who served as code talkers. Captain Lawrence a company commander overheard Solomon Louis and Mitchell","nuclear centrifuges by disrupting industrial programmable logic controllers (PLCs) in a targeted attack generally believed to have been launched by Israel and the United States \u2013 although neither has publicly admitted this. In early 2013 documents provided by Edward Snowden were published by \"The Washington Post\" and \"The Guardian\" exposing","Individuals such as Edward Yourdon Larry Constantine Gerald Weinberg Tom DeMarco and David Parnas began to publish articles and books with research results in an attempt to professionalize the software-development processes. In the 1980s several US military projects involving software subcontractors ran over-budget and were completed far later than planned","conference held in Vienna in June 2005. With the aid of a group of experts from many fields the Justice Ministry began drafting the new law in September 2005. With the individual positions varying greatly a political consensus could not be reached. Provincial laws in Canada allow class actions. All","Edward Marshall-Hall built his career on cross-examination that often involved histrionic outbursts designed to sway jurors. Most experienced and skilled cross-examiners however refrain from caustic or abrasive cross-examination so as to avoid alienating jurors. John Mortimer Queen's Counsel observed that \"cross-examination\" was not the art of examining crossly. Indeed the","standard against which any king or emperor could be measured. The Renaissance rediscovery of anti-Constantinian sources prompted a re-evaluation of Constantine's career. The German humanist Johann Löwenklau discoverer of Zosimus' writings published a Latin translation thereof in 1576. In its preface he argued that Zosimus' picture of Constantine was superior","he made a statement to Parliament that the British Army had fired only in self-defence. She was temporarily suspended from Parliament as a result. Two days after Bloody Sunday the British Parliament adopted a resolution for a tribunal into the shootings resulting in Prime Minister Edward Heath commissioning the Lord","others following Friedrich Wöhler's synthesis of urea which proved that living organisms were in theory reducible to chemistry. Other crucial 19th century advances were; an understanding of valence bonding (Edward Frankland in 1852) and the application of thermodynamics to chemistry (J. W. Gibbs and Svante Arrhenius in the 1870s). Chemistry","bid to purchase News Ltd's controlling share of the club in 2007. Average regular season attendance Notable supporters Notable supporters of this club amongst others include: The Broncos are the only publicly listed NRL club. The parent company of the Brisbane Broncos is Nationwide News Pty Ltd. a subsidiary of","Edward Bulwer-Lytton's then-popular novel \"The Coming Race\" (1870) whose plot revolves around a superior race of people the Vril-ya who derive their powers from an electromagnetic substance named \"Vril\". Therefore Bovril indicates great strength obtained from an ox. In 1870 in the Franco-Prussian War Napoleon III ordered one million cans","recognise himself as their author. In December 1777 he had another stroke which greatly weakened him and eventually led to his death on 10 January 1778 in Hammarby. Despite his desire to be buried in Hammarby he was buried in Uppsala Cathedral on 22 January. His library and collections were","time called Ceylon were seized by the British to prevent them being used as bases by the French Navy. The system was developed by the courts and spread with the expansion of British colonies in Southern Africa. Roman Dutch common law relies on legal principles set out in Roman law","ninth. It is also thought that the popularity of bro-country helped country music to surpass classic rock as the most popular genre in America in 2012. The genre however is controversial as it has been criticized by other country musicians and commentators over its themes and depiction of women opening","by Edward D. Wood Jr. and starring Bela Lugosi along with Tor Johnson Tony McCoy and Loretta King. The film is considered to have Wood's biggest budget ($70000). Production commenced in 1953 but due to further financial problems was not completed until 1955. A sequel entitled \"Night of the Ghouls\"","create two \"holes\" \u2013 plasma depletion regions \u2013 in the ionosphere. A worldwide group of geophysicists collaborated with the observations made from Spacelab 2. \"Challenger\" landed at Edwards Air Force Base California on August 6 1985 at 12:45:26 p.m. PDT. Its rollout distance was . The mission had been extended by","was designed by a team of engineers led by E. Gifford Emery and Edward Curtis Wells and was built at Boeing's own expense. It combined features of the company's experimental XB-15 bomber and 247 transport. The B-17's armament consisted of five .30 caliber (7.62 mm) machine guns with a payload of","Edward Island. The traditional music of Atlantic Canada is heavily influenced by the Irish Scottish and Acadian ethnic makeup of much of the region's communities. In some parts of Atlantic Canada such as Newfoundland Celtic music is as or more popular than in the old country. Further some older forms","film ever made in Hollywood.\" Count on Mr. Welles: he doesn't do things by halves. ... Upon the screen he discovered an area large enough for his expansive whims to have free play. And the consequence is that he has made a picture of tremendous and overpowering scope not in physical","by producing a quality product at a competitive price. The political entrepreneurs for example Edward Collins in steamships and the leaders of the Union Pacific Railroad in railroads were men who used the power of government to succeed.","in Miami which would begin in 2016 or 2017. Beckham was born at Whipps Cross University Hospital in Leytonstone London England. He is the son of Sandra Georgina (née West; b. 1949) a hairdresser and David Edward Alan \"Ted\" Beckham (b. Edmonton London July\u2013September 1948) a kitchen fitter who married","close by. The first map to delineate the island under its present name Diego Garcia is the \"World Map\" of Edward Wright (London 1599) possibly as a result of misreading Dio (or simply \"D.\") as Diego and Gratia as Garcia. The \"Nova Totius Terrarum Orbis Geographica\" of Hendrik Hondius II","the Right Side of the Brain. Edwards aimed to teach her readers how to draw based on the development of the reader's perceptual abilities. Furthermore the influential artist and art critic John Ruskin emphasised the importance of perception in the drawing process in his book The Elements of Drawing. He","Indiana George W. Jones of Iowa Edward Hannegan of Indiana and Jefferson Davis of Mississippi). Atchison was admitted to the Kentucky bar in 1829. In 1830 he moved to Liberty in Clay County in western Missouri and set up practice there where he also farmed. Atchison's law practice flourished and","on grounds of suspected homosexual involvement.\" As Randy Shilts wrote in : These supporters included six congressional representatives including New York's Bella Abzug (who called his case a \"witch-hunt\") and Edward Koch; senators Richard Schweiker of Pennsylvania and Sam Ervin of North Carolina; the president of the American Psychiatric Association","connections with contemporary theories. Edward S. Herman and Noam Chomsky note in their book that Orwellian doublespeak is an important component of the manipulation of the English language in American media through a process called \"dichotomization\"; a component of media propaganda involving \"deeply embedded double standards in the reporting of","of survival takes the \"Assured Destruction\" out of \"Mutual Assured Destruction\" hence no preparations should be conducted for fear of \"destabilizing\" the MAD doctrine. Moreover it is also somewhat of a parody of Nelson Rockefeller Edward Teller Herman Kahn and Chet Holifield's November 1961 popularization of a similar plan to","inauguration the Christian Emperor Constantine would rule the empire alone. He would reverse the consequences of the edicts and return all confiscated property to Christians. Under Constantine's rule Christianity would become the empire's preferred religion. Diocletian was demonized by his Christian successors: Lactantius intimated that Diocletian's ascendancy heralded the apocalypse","Simon and Isaac La Peyrère paved the way for the development of critical deism. An important precursor to deism was the work of Edward Lord Herbert of Cherbury (d. 1648). He has been called the \"father of English deism\" and his book \"De Veritate\" (\"On Truth as It Is Distinguished","Yoshinori Shiozawa's work of 2007. He has succeeded to incorporate traded input goods in his model. Yeats found that 30% of world trade in manufacturing is intermediate inputs. Bardhan and Jafee found that intermediate inputs occupy 37 to 38% in the imports to the US for the years from 1992","1921 to the present American Psychiatric Association (APA). Edward Jarvis and later Francis Amasa Walker helped expand the census from 2 volumes in 1870 to 25 volumes in 1880. Frederick H. Wines was appointed to write a 582-page volume called \"Report on the Defective Dependent and Delinquent Classes of the","records in \"Diary\" receiving communion according to the 1604 Prayer Book rite: In 1557 the Scots Protestant lords had adopted the English Prayer Book of 1552 for reformed worship in Scotland. However when John Knox returned to Scotland in 1559 he continued to use the \"Form of Prayer\" he had","into prominence after the war. Ewell interpreted his orders as calling only for a cannonade. His 32 guns along with A. P. Hill's 55 guns engaged in a two-hour artillery barrage at extreme range that had little effect. Finally about six o'clock Ewell sent orders to each of his division","Charles Playfair Charles Pryse Sir John Ratcliffe Edward Gem and J.F. Swinburn under the chairmanship of John Dent Goodman. The first War Office contract was not agreed until 1868. In 1879 the factory without work was shut for a year; the military arms trade was precarious. The next year BSA","Corbett had lived for a time. Character actor","the hell that his grandmother described. His brother Edward two and a half years younger died at age sixteen of a cerebral hemorrhage. Skinner\u2019s closest friend as a young boy was Raphael Miller whom he called Doc because his father was a doctor. Doc and Skinner became friends due to","writing so that papier-mâché casts of the inscriptions could be taken. Rawlinson along with several other scholars most notably Edward Hincks Julius Oppert William Henry Fox Talbot and Edwin Norris either working separately or in collaboration eventually deciphered these inscriptions leading eventually to the ability to read them completely. The","sailors threatening to \"take the serious decision of retribution for an unpunished crime\". Sir Edward Grey replied through the American ambassador that the incident could be grouped together with the Germans' sinking of SS \"Arabic\" their attack on a stranded British submarine on the neutral Dutch coast and their attack","the British administration including Sykes and Cecil. From 1918 until World War II Jews in Mandatory Palestine celebrated Balfour Day as an annual national holiday on 2November. The celebrations included ceremonies in schools and other public institutions and festive articles in the Hebrew press. In August 1919 Balfour approved Weizmann's","the ground-floor space into a graphic art studio which he named Teenburger Designs. With a business association established with two entrepreneurs Edward Molton and Stephen Warwick and with John Muggeridge from Conran serving briefly as an assistant he set about working primarily for the music industry. His first record sleeve","In 1549 Cornishmen allied with other rebels in neighbouring Devon rose once again in rebellion when the staunchly Protestant Edward VI tried to impose a new Prayer Book. The lower classes of Cornwall and Devon were still strongly attached to the Catholic religion and again a Cornish army was formed","but Two-Face escapes and remains at large. Edward Nygma a researcher at Wayne Enterprises who idolizes Bruce Wayne has developed a device that can beam television into a person's brain. Bruce offers to let Nygma come up with schematics for the device and set up a meeting with his assistant.","public opinion in both Ireland and Great Britain. Their violent tactics encouraged the Irish public to increase their covert support of the IRA while the British public pressed for a move towards a peaceful resolution. Edward Wood MP better known as the future Foreign Secretary Lord Halifax rejected force and","Bros. felt it was best for Catwoman to survive saving more characterizations in a future installment. Pfeiffer was unavailable and a body double was chosen. Bo Welch Burton's collaborator on \"Beetlejuice\" and \"Edward Scissorhands\" replaced Anton Furst as production designer since Furst was unable to return for the sequel due","Herald\" (Associated Press) by Edward Van Winkle Jones. Two years later \"Fate\" magazine published \"Sea Mystery at Our Back Door\" a short article by George X. Sand covering the loss of several planes and ships including the loss of Flight 19 a group of five US Navy Grumman TBM Avenger","mentis in Deum per scalas rerum creatorum opusculum\" (\"The Mind's Ascent to God \u2013\" 1614) which was translated into English as \"Jacob's Ladder\" (1638) without acknowledgement by Henry Isaacson \"The Art of Dying Well\" (1619) (in Latin English translation under this title by Edward Coffin) and \"The Seven Words on","into Knight's private life. The following season in 1986\u201387 the Hoosiers were led by All-American Steve Alford and captured a share of the Big Ten title. The team won Knight's third national championship (the school's fifth) against Syracuse in the 1987 NCAA tournament with a game-winning jump shot by Keith","which author Edward S. Martin writes: Kansas is apt to see in New York a greedy city... It inclines to think that the big apple gets a disproportionate share of the national sap. William Safire considered this the coinage but the \"Random House Dictionary of American Slang\" has described the","as an \"ideal meritocracy\" with no age requirement. The school also employed a number of the nation's leading scientists including Enrico Fermi and Edward Teller along with operating the famous Yerkes Observatory. During his time as an honors program undergraduate Sagan worked in the laboratory of the geneticist H. J.","to the attention of a leading member of the society Edward Gardner. One of the central beliefs of theosophy is that humanity is undergoing a cycle of evolution towards increasing \"perfection\" and Gardner recognised the potential significance of the photographs for the movement: Gardner sent the prints along with the","In 1961 the building's stainless steel elements including the needle crown gargoyles and entrance doors were polished for the first time. A group of ten workers steam-cleaned the facade below the 30th floor and manually cleaned the portion of the tower above the 30th floor for a cost of about","often unable to exert much influence. In the Edict of Expulsion King Edward I expelled all the Jews from England in 1290 (only after ransoming some 3000 among the most wealthy of them) on the accusation of usury and undermining loyalty to the dynasty. In 1306 there was a wave","aircraft (T-1) and five more production models (P1-P5) participated in extensive flight testing and evaluation at Edwards Air Force Base. Two complete airframes were built for static and repeated load testing. A static test of the C-17 wing in October 1992 resulted in the wing failing at 128% of design","of Atlanta with publicity banners and streetcar signs. The Coca-Cola bottle called the \"contour bottle\" within the company was created by bottle designer Earl R. Dean and Coca-Cola's general counsel Harold Hirsch. In 1915 The Coca-Cola Company was represented by their general counsel to launch a competition among its bottle","L. Sprague de Camp Roland J. Green John C. Hocking Robert Jordan Sean A. Moore Björn Nyberg Andrew J. Offutt Steve Perry John Maddox Roberts Harry Turtledove and Karl Edward Wagner. Some of these writers have finished incomplete Conan manuscripts by Howard. Others were created by rewriting Howard stories which","elected to the Major League Baseball Hall of Fame in 2012. Despite trading for pitcher Matt Garza and signing free-agent slugger Carlos Peña the Cubs finished the 2011 season 20 games under .500 with a record of 71\u201391. Weeks after the season came to an end the club was rejuvenated","more of a fuss and then agree.\" In January 1962 US Army General Edward Lansdale described plans to overthrow the Cuban government in a top-secret report (partially declassified 1989) addressed to Kennedy and officials involved with Operation Mongoose. CIA agents or \"pathfinders\" from the Special Activities Division were to be","coronation of King Edward VII. The show airs six times a week: Monday Wednesday and Friday 7:30\u20138 pm and 8:30\u20139 pm. Since 2017 ten classic episodes of the programme from 1986 onwards air each week on ITV3. The programme was conceived in 1960 by scriptwriter Tony Warren at Granada Television in Manchester.","named. For North America in 1944 the zoologist Edward Goldman recognized as many as 23 subspecies in North America based on morphology alone. In 1959 E. Raymond Hall proposed that there had been 24 subspecies of \"lupus\" in North America. In 1970 L David Mech proposed that there was \"probably","daring than European wolves. Another account from the early 1800s in Edwards County mentioned wolves howling at night though these were likely coyotes. This species was encountered several times during the Lewis and Clark Expedition (1804\u20131806) though it was already well known to European traders on the upper Missouri. Lewis","as Samuel Edward Konkin III labeled libertarian conservatism right-libertarianism. In contrast to paleoconservatives libertarian conservatives support strict \"laissez-faire\" policies such as free trade opposition to any national bank and opposition to business regulations. They are vehemently opposed to environmental regulations corporate welfare subsidies and other areas of economic intervention. Many","at Bell Telephone Laboratories in the 1960s by Edward E. Zajac Frank W. Sinden Kenneth C. Knowlton and A. Michael Noll. Other digital animation was also practiced at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory. In 1967 a computer animation named \"Hummingbird\" was created by Charles Csuri and James Shaffer . In","675 bytes of memory and run at a clock speed of about 7 Hz. They hope to complete it by the 150th anniversary of Babbage's death in 2021. Advances in MEMs and nanotechnology have led to recent high-tech experiments in mechanical computation. The benefits suggested include operation in high radiation or","each medal ceremony of the 2012 Olympics. A stage adaptation of \"Chariots of Fire\" was mounted in honour of the 2012 Olympics. The play \"Chariots of Fire\" which was adapted by playwright Mike Bartlett and included the iconic Vangelis score ran from 9 May to 16 June 2012 at London's","Honolulu Hawaii on February 24 1992. Love wore a satin and lace dress once owned by actress Frances Farmer and Cobain wore plaid pajamas. Six months later on August 18 the couple's only child a daughter Frances Bean Cobain was born. In April 1994 Cobain died of a self-inflicted gunshot","protected trade with neighbouring Jamaica. Nearly a century later the English were to invade in earnest taking Guantánamo Bay in 1741 during the War of Jenkins' Ear with Spain. Edward Vernon the British admiral who devised the scheme saw his 4000 occupying troops capitulate to local guerrilla resistance and more","Feature had begun granting ownership rights to creators (limited to new and/or hugely popular strips). Starting in the late 1940s the national syndicates which distributed newspaper comic strips subjected them to very strict censorship. \"Li'l Abner\" was censored in September 1947 and was pulled from the Pittsburg Press by Scripps-Howard.","the Minivac 601 a digital computer trainer to teach business people about how computers functioned. It was sold by the Scientific Development Corp starting in 1961. He is also considered the co-inventor of the first wearable computer along with Edward O. Thorp. The device was used to improve the odds","anthropologist José Limón. Linguists Edward R. Simmen and Richard F. Bauerle report the use of the term in an essay by Mexican-American writer Mario Suárez published in the \"Arizona Quarterly\" in 1947. In 1857 a gunboat the \"Chicana\" was sold to Jose Maria Carvajal to ship arms on the Rio","deposits: Sydney has traditionally been the main port with facilities in a large sheltered natural harbour. It is the island's largest commercial centre and home to the \"Cape Breton Post\" daily newspaper as well as one television station CJCB-TV (CTV) and several radio stations. The Marine Atlantic terminal at North","The islands were invaded by the French in 1338 who held some territory until 1345. Edward III of England granted a Charter in July 1341 to Jersey Guernsey Sark and Alderney confirming their customs and laws to secure allegiance to the English Crown. Owain Lawgoch a mercenary leader of a","film-maker Edward D. Wood Jr. said he often wore women's underwear under his military uniform during World War II. Some people who cross-dress may endeavor to project a complete impression of belonging to another gender including mannerisms speech patterns and emulation of sexual characteristics. This is referred to as passing","Nesta Pain. The serialised program continued until the end of February 1960. Parkinson and Parkinson's law continued to find its way into Singapore newspapers through the decades. The youngest son of William Edward Parkinson (1871\u20131927) an art master at North East County School and from 1913 principal of York School","Anglo-French protocol was established in 1876 for a cross-Channel railway tunnel. In 1881 the British railway entrepreneur Sir Edward Watkin and Alexandre Lavalley a French Suez Canal contractor were in the Anglo-French Submarine Railway Company that conducted exploratory work on both sides of the Channel. On the English side a","of \"extinct\" which came under fierce criticism from Cornish speakers \"does not reflect the current situation for Cornish\". In 2016 national government funding for the Cornish language ceased and responsibility transferred to Cornwall council. The phonology of modern Cornish is based on a number of sources. The work of the","smattering of his correspondence. This long-time standard edition drawn from Peirce's work from the 1860s to 1913 remains the most comprehensive survey of his prolific output from 1893 to 1913. It is organized thematically but texts (including lecture series) are often split up across volumes while texts from various stages","Antonio Gramsci Edward Saïd is a founding figure of postcolonialism established with the book \"Orientalism\" (1978) a humanist critique of The Enlightenment which criticizes Western knowledge of \"The East\"\u2014specifically the English and the French constructions of what is and what is not \"Oriental\". Whereby said \"knowledge\" then led to cultural","between civilizations will supplant the conflicts between nation-states and ideologies that characterized the 19th and 20th centuries. These views have been strongly challenged by others like Edward Said Muhammed Asadi and Amartya Sen. Ronald Inglehart and Pippa Norris have argued that the \"true clash of civilizations\" between the Muslim world","December 1977 the New York Academy of Sciences organized the first symposium on chaos attended by David Ruelle Robert May James A. Yorke (coiner of the term \"chaos\" as used in mathematics) Robert Shaw and the meteorologist Edward Lorenz. The following year independently Pierre Coullet and Charles Tresser with the","senior joined the fraternity Phi Gamma Delta and graduated \"cum laude\". While there Coolidge was profoundly influenced by philosophy professor Charles Edward Garman a Congregational mystic with a neo-Hegelian philosophy. Coolidge explained Garman's ethics forty years later: [T]here is a standard of righteousness that might does not make right that","known simply as Butler Library is the largest single library in the Columbia University Library System and is one of the largest buildings on the campus. Proposed as \"South Hall\" by the university's former President Nicholas Murray Butler as expansion plans for Low Memorial Library stalled the new library was","Goddard and Fredric March in multiple pictures. DeMille displayed a loyalty to his performers casting them repeatedly. They included Henry Wilcoxon Julia Faye Joseph Schildkraut Ian Keith Charles Bickford Theodore Roberts Akim Tamiroff and William Boyd. DeMille was credited by actor Edward G. Robinson with saving his career following his","mid 19th century Edward Frankland F.A. Kekulé A.S. Couper Alexander Butlerov and Hermann Kolbe building on the theory of radicals developed the theory of valency originally called \"combining power\" in which compounds were joined owing to an attraction of positive and negative poles. In 1916 chemist Gilbert N. Lewis developed","under the command of Colonel Albert Boyd head of the Aeronautical Systems Flight Test Division. Yeager remained in the Air Force after the war becoming a test pilot at Muroc Army Air Field (now Edwards Air Force Base) following graduation from Air Materiel Command Flight Performance School (Class 46C). After","of France sister of Charles IV claimed the throne for her son Edward III of England. The English king did not find support among the French lords who made Philip of Valois their king. From then on the French succession not only excluded females but also rejected claims based on","engineering. Three years before Davis' lectures Henry Edward Armstrong taught a degree course in chemical engineering at the City and Guilds of London Institute. Armstrong's course \"failed simply because its graduates ... were not especially attractive to employers.\" Employers of the time would have rather hired chemists and mechanical engineers.","of students included Alfred Kroeber Robert Lowie Edward Sapir and Ruth Benedict who each produced richly detailed studies of indigenous North American cultures. They provided a wealth of details used to attack the theory of a single evolutionary process. Kroeber and Sapir's focus on Native American languages helped establish linguistics","to agree. Marxian economist Richard D. Wolff postulates that capitalist economies prioritize profits and capital accumulation over the social needs of communities and capitalist enterprises rarely include the workers in the basic decisions of the enterprise. Some labor historians and scholars have argued that unfree laborby slaves indentured servants prisoners","to the 1987 ruling by the United States Supreme Court in \"Edwards v. Aguillard\" that creationism is an inherently religious concept and that advocating it as correct or accurate in public-school curricula violates the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment. One of the principal claims of neo-creationism propounds that ostensibly","Scotia New Brunswick Newfoundland Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan and Yukon ) in the United States (with the states of Alaska Colorado Connecticut Idaho Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Montana New Hampshire New Jersey New York Ohio Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island Vermont Washington West Virginia Wisconsin and Wyoming).","the high-income countries in South America by 1870. The 1891 Chilean Civil War brought about a redistribution of power between the President and Congress and Chile established a parliamentary style democracy. However the Civil War had also been a contest between those who favored the development of local industries and","was not provided by some of the numerous Web sites that published a brief summary of the Australian study study: \"[the] methodology cannot prove that playing video games were the cause of the improvement.\" \"The Guardian\" also reported that a Columbia University study indicated that extensive video gaming by students","continued. In 1902 war was again avoided when British King Edward VII agreed to mediate between the two nations. He established the current border in the Patagonia region. The Beagle conflict began to brew in the 1960s when Argentina began to claim that the Picton Lennox and Nueva islands in","seaports in Jamaica per year. According to historian Edward Long the inhabitants on Grand Cayman had the principal occupation of turtle-fishery. Once Caymanian turtlers greatly reduced the turtle population around the islands they journeyed to the waters of other islands in order to maintain their livelihood. Caymanian folklore explains that","religious socialism many Mormons in Utah were receptive to the secular socialist movement that began in America during the 1890s. During the 1890s to the 1920s the Utah Social Democratic Party which became part of the Socialist Party of America in 1901 elected about 100 socialists to state offices in","by Edward Lhuyd in 1707 following Paul-Yves Pezron who had already made the explicit link between the Celts described by classical writers and the Welsh and Breton languages. Modern Celtic languages are mostly spoken on the north-western edge of Europe notably in Ireland Scotland Wales Brittany Cornwall and the Isle","terrible vengeance \u2013 thus earning for himself the nickname which has survived in folk memory to the present day 'Donnchadh an Rópa' (Denis of the Rope). In the 18th century and early 19th century sectarian tensions arose as evangelical Protestant missionaries sought to 'redeem the Irish poor from the errors","caused him to redouble his commitment to union which he now saw as essential to protecting the British colonies against American aggression. Since he thought that full union among the British North American colonies would be unachievable for many years on March 28 1864 Tupper instead proposed a Maritime Union","involved a fight over the \"reckoning\" the bill as well as to a line in Marlowe's \"Jew of Malta\"\"Infinite riches in a little room\". Shakespeare was heavily influenced by Marlowe in his work as can be seen in the re-using of Marlovian themes in \"Antony and Cleopatra\" \"The Merchant of","He began a friendship with William Harrison Ainsworth the author of the highwayman novel \"Rookwood\" (1834) whose bachelor salon in Harrow Road had become the meeting place for a set that included Daniel Maclise Benjamin Disraeli Edward Bulwer-Lytton and George Cruikshank. All these became his friends and collaborators with the","Roman Catholic hermeneutics holds that there are many senses in which the Bible is true in addition to literal truth. The Catholic Apostolic Church believed that the Bible should be interpreted allegorically. Some descendants of the Catholic Apostolic Church also known as Irvingism such as Apostelamt Jesu Christi Apostelamt Juda","to see the Labour Party return to power under Harold Wilson in 1964 but also to see his old constituency of Walthamstow West fall to the Conservatives in a by-election in September 1967. Attlee died peacefully in his sleep of pneumonia at the age of 84 at Westminster Hospital on","Though both policies are presented in the Honor System Handbook given to new members of the Caltech community some undergraduates regard them as a slight against the honor code and the implicit trust and respect it represents within the community. In recent years the Student Affairs Office has also become","through interpretation of stimuli. Early psychologists like [[Edward Titchener|Edward B. Titchener]] began to work with perception in their [[Structuralism (psychology)|structuralist]] approach to psychology. [[Structuralism (psychology)|Structuralism]] dealt heavily with trying to reduce human thought (or \"consciousness\" as Titchener would have called it) into its most basic elements by gaining understanding of","Cardiff has included the suburban cathedral 'village' of Llandaff whose bishop is also Archbishop of Wales since 2002. There is also a Roman Catholic cathedral in the city. Since 1916 Cardiff has been the seat of a Catholic archbishop but there appears to have been a fall in the estimated","50 years. asketball the Cleveland Rosenblums dominated the original American Basketball League winning three of the first five championships (1926 1929 1930) and the Cleveland Pipers owned by George Steinbrenner won the American Basketball League championship in 1962. A notable Cleveland athlete is Jesse Owens who grew up in the","tutor at University College and in 1925 was elected a Fellow and Tutor in English Literature at Magdalen College where he served for 29 years until 1954. During his army training Lewis shared a room with another cadet Edward Courtnay Francis \"Paddy\" Moore (1898\u20131918). Maureen Moore Paddy's sister said that","a prominent religion and were supported officially. Sui China was known for its numerous mega-construction projects. Intended for grains shipment and transporting troops the Grand Canal was constructed linking the capitals Daxing (Chang'an) and Luoyang to the wealthy southeast region and in another route to the northeast border. The Great","I carrying more than a million troops and passengers and four million tons of cargo. Twenty seven survived and returned to CPR. CPR also helped the war effort with money and jobs. CPR made loans and guarantees to the Allies of some $100 million. As a lasting tribute CPR commissioned","of Protestants as well as Roman Catholics. Under his son King Edward VI more Protestant-influenced forms of worship were adopted. Under the leadership of the Archbishop of Canterbury Thomas Cranmer a more radical reformation proceeded. A new pattern of worship was set out in the Book of Common Prayer (1549","Pope had recognised Edward I of England's claim to overlordship of Scotland in 1305 and Bruce was excommunicated by the Pope for murdering John Comyn before the altar in Greyfriars Church in Dumfries in 1306. The Declaration made a number of points: that Scotland had always been independent indeed for","Cornwall were included in the separate diocese of Sherborne and in 900 this was again divided into two the Devon bishop having from 905 his seat at Tawton (now Bishop's Tawton) and from 912 at Crediton birthplace of St Boniface. Lyfing became Bishop of Crediton in 1027 and shortly afterwards","not received as a church member until May 4 1856. As his teacher Edward Kimball stated: D. L. Moody \"could not conscientiously enlist\" in the Union Army during the Civil War later describing himself as \"a Quaker\" in this respect. After the Civil War started he became involved with the","of such drinking games are Edward Fortyhands boat races beer bonging shotgunning flippy cup (a team-based speed game) and yard. Some say that the most important skill to improving speed is to relax and take fewer but larger gulps. There are a variety of individual tactics to accomplishing this such","he would never return to that kind of performance. His","while using fewer parts. Inspired by Babbage's difference engine in 1834 Per Georg Scheutz built several experimental models. In 1837 his son Edward proposed to construct a working model in metal and in 1840 finished the calculating part capable of calculating series with 5-digit numbers and first-order differences which was","arch described in 1878. Extrapolating from the illustration of this bone the animal may have been long and weighed kg ( lb). However as no further evidence of sauropods of this size has been found and the discoverer Edward Cope had made typographic errors before it is likely to have","the Deseret alphabet called \"Deseret\" was designed by Greg Kearney as part of work he was doing for the LDS Church History Department in 1991; the font was used in an exhibit that year. In August 1995 a cleaned up digitized version of the font in use in the \"Deseret","only be breaking the law upon return. Similar laws exist in Prince Edward Island and Saskatchewan. A recent case in Canada which involved a police officer who retrieved a discarded weapon from a trash receptacle as evidence created some controversy. The judge ruled the policeman's actions as legal although there","a village in Franklin County in southern Nebraska to Harold Edward Meyer a banker (May 12 1906 \u2013 November 4 1990) and Berniece Graf (May 11 1910 \u2013 November 26 1995). Janssen was of Irish and Jewish descent. Following his parents' divorce in 1935 his mother moved with five-year-old David to Los","Providence College. He married Lynn Edwards on August 14 1971. Soon after Angell entered the U.S. Army upon graduation and served at the Pentagon until 1972. He then moved to Boston and worked as a methods analyst at an engineering company and later at an insurance firm in Rhode Island.","dodo having made at least ten depictions often showing it in the lower corners. A famous painting of his from 1626 now called \"Edwards's Dodo\" as it was once owned by the ornithologist George Edwards has since become the standard image of a dodo. It is housed in the Natural","Edward Housman (; 26 March 1859 \u2013 30 April 1936) usually known as A. E. Housman was an English classical scholar and poet best known to the general public for his cycle of poems \"A Shropshire Lad\". Lyrical and almost epigrammatic in form the poems wistfully evoke the dooms and","the present book. Having had some personal cause for interest in ideologically motivated attacks on biologically oriented behavioral scientists I first took notice of Gould when he played a prominent role in a group called Science for the People and in that group's attack on the theories of Harvard zoologist","success with other allegorical fantasy critters including the aboriginal and masochistic \"Kigmies\" who craved abuse (a story that began as a veiled comment on racial and religious oppression) the dreaded \"Nogoodniks\" (or \"bad\" shmoos) and the irresistible \"Bald Iggle\" a guileless creature whose sad-eyed countenance compelled involuntary truthfulness\u2014with predictably disastrous","first title. He had originally intended the first verse to be sung by a solo female voice (this is marked in the score) but this is rare in contemporary performances. Sir Edward Elgar re-scored the work for very large orchestra in 1922 for use at the Leeds Festival. Elgar's orchestration","attend a screening of \"The Birth of a Nation\" as well as many members of Congress. With the help of the Navy Secretary Josephus Daniels Dixon was able to meet the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court Edward Douglass White. Initially Justice White was not interested in seeing the film","to persecute the Anabaptists with Felix Manz becoming the first martyr in 1527. On May 20 or 21st 1527 Roman Catholic authorities executed Michael Sattler. King Ferdinand declared drowning (called the \"third baptism\") \"the best antidote to Anabaptism\". The Tudor regime even the Protestant monarchs (Edward VI of England and","performed the first studies of the spectrum of Aldebaran where he was able to identify the lines of nine elements including iron sodium calcium and magnesium. In 1886 Edward C. Pickering at the Harvard College Observatory used a photographic plate to capture fifty absorption lines in the spectrum of Aldebaran.","for Prince Edward Island. They published the plans for all of these with detailed design calculations and blueprints. The Ark used wind based water pumping and electricity and was self-contained in food production. It had living quarters for people fish tanks raising tilapia for protein a greenhouse watered with fish","by his mother and uncle. Most of his education however came from his father. Years later in 1890 Edward Granville Browne described how `Abdu'l-Bahá was \"one more eloquent of speech more ready of argument more apt of illustration more intimately acquainted with the sacred books of the Jews the Christians","acid\u2013base reaction in both theories. One of the limitations of the Arrhenius definition is its reliance on water solutions. Edward Curtis Franklin studied the acid\u2013base reactions in liquid ammonia in 1905 and pointed out the similarities to the water-based Arrhenius theory. Albert F. O. Germann working with liquid phosgene formulated","its final report NASA's testimony that \"the findings of the [Phillips] task force had no effect on the accident did not lead to the accident and were not related to the accident\" but stated in its recommendations: Notwithstanding that in NASA's judgment the contractor later made significant progress in overcoming","his studio and soon the memorial was approved with Rodin as its architect. It would commemorate the six townspeople of Calais who offered their lives to save their fellow citizens. During the Hundred Years' War the army of King Edward III besieged Calais and Edward ordered that the town's population","a type of restaurant that is now more numerous in this region than any other and formerly the subject matter of artist Edward Hopper. In the past this sort of establishment was the haven of the short order cook grilling or frying simple foods for the working man. Today typical","of Wildfell Hall\". In 1850 Charlotte wrote \"\"Wildfell Hall\" it hardly appears to me desirable to preserve. The choice of subject in that work is a mistake it was too little consonant with the character tastes and ideas of the gentle retiring inexperienced writer.\" Subsequent critics paid less attention to","again at the 1954 bi-annual convention. ACLU member Frank Graham president of the University of North Carolina attacked the anti-communists with a counter-proposal which stated that the ACLU \"stand[s] against guilt by association judgment by accusation the invasion of privacy of personal opinions and beliefs and the confusion of dissent","one member of the Royal Family (that is with the style of \"Royal Highness\") has converted to Roman Catholicism since the passage of the Act: the Duchess of Kent wife of Prince Edward Duke of Kent who converted on 14 January 1994 but her husband did not lose his place","it was kept in the islands of Lake Tana for about four hundred years and finally taken to Axum. Archaeologist John Holladay of the University of Toronto called Hancock's theory \"garbage and hogwash\" while Edward Ullendorff a former Professor of Ethiopian Studies at the University of London said he \"wasted","slaves to flight migration or death\u2014amounting to one third of its slave population. From 1770 to 1790 the black proportion of the population (mostly slaves) in South Carolina dropped from 60.5 percent to 43.8 percent and from 45.2 percent to 36.1 percent in Georgia. British forces gave transportation to 10000","and solving existing problems yet astrology has failed to progress having only changed little in nearly 2000 years. To Thagard astrologers are acting as though engaged in normal science believing that the foundations of astrology were well established despite the \"many unsolved problems\" and in the face of better alternative","week. Ontario celebrates Arbour Week from the last Friday in April to the first Sunday in May. Prince Edward Island celebrates Arbour Day on the third Friday in May during Arbour Week. Arbour Day is the longest running civic greening project in Calgary and is celebrated on the first Thursday","enacted in the reigns of Edward III Richard II and other monarchs. Even when on the invention of gunpowder and firearms the bow had fallen into disuse as a weapon of war the prohibition was continued. The discredit attaching to bowling alleys first established in London in 1455 probably encouraged","the risk to life and in 1278 Edward I of England organized one in Windsor Great Park at which cuir bouilli armour was worn and the king provided swords made of whale bone and parchment. The account of the Battle of Agincourt in 1415 by Jean de Wavrin who was","two-run deficit of 6\u20134 in the bottom of the 8th inning against the Kansas City Royals. The Orioles won the game 14\u20138. The rally included left fielder Nolan Reimold and designated hitter Steve Clevenger both hitting their first career grand slams making the Orioles the only franchise in the history","and at two o'clock in the afternoon Napoleon was winning the Battle of Waterloo. Reports from Baron von Muffling the Prussian liaison officer attached to Wellington's army relate that: \"After 3 o\u2019clock the Duke's situation became critical unless the succour of the Prussian army arrived soon\". At this crucial juncture","was useful in a long hunt as it prevented stray dogs from obscuring the trail. In thick undergrowth they were also preferred to spaniels when hunting pheasant. With the fashion for faster hunts the beagle fell out of favour for chasing hare but was still employed for rabbit hunting. In","area and took photographs of the aircraft's then-secret rear section with suppressed engine exhausts from the air to the USAF's disappointment. The B-2's (s/n 82-1066 / AV-1) first public flight was on 17 July 1989 from Palmdale to Edwards AFB. In October 2005 Noshir Gowadia a design engineer who worked","wedding dresses (\"thob malak\") taqsirehs and the \"shatwehs\" worn by married women. It has been traced by some to Byzantium and by others to the formal costumes of the Ottoman Empire's elite. As a Christian village local women were also exposed to the detailing on church vestments with their heavy","Battle of the Catalaunian Plains the outcome of which is commonly considered to be a strategic victory for the Visigothic-Roman alliance. Theodoric was killed in the fighting and Aëtius failed to press his advantage according to Edward Gibbon and Edward Creasy because he feared the consequences of an overwhelming Visigothic","he heavily criticised the band's experimental mix of hip hop liturgical and gothic music. Lise Hand of \"The Irish Independent\" reported The Edge as saying that Burgess' original conception was \"a score written by a novelist rather than a songwriter\". Calling it \"meaningless glitz\" Jane Edwardes of \"20/20 Magazine\" said","figures of his time: early Pulitzer Prize winners Hamlin Garland and Zona Gale as well as Sinclair Lewis the last both an admirer and critic of Derleth. As Edward Wagenknecht wrote in \"Cavalcade of the American Novel\" \"What Mr. Derleth has that is lacking...in modern novelists generally is a country.","a British naval victory on 25 January; and Montserrat on 22 February. In 1782 the primary strategic goal of the French and Spanish was the capture of Jamaica whose sugar exports were more valuable to the British than the Thirteen Colonies combined. On 7 April 1782 de Grasse departed Martinique","resulted in the Scottish Wars of Independence the English king Edward I traveled across the area twice in 1296 and 1303. In 1307 Robert the Bruce was victorious near Inverurie. Along with his victory came new families namely the Forbeses and the Gordons. These new families set the stage for","and later installed a telegraph wire from his room in Somerset College to that of a friend. Throughout late 1867 his health faltered mainly through exhaustion. His younger brother Edward \"Ted\" was similarly bed-ridden suffering from tuberculosis. While Bell recovered (by then referring to himself in correspondence as \"A. G.","future under 10 subheadings. Notably Jobs declares a \"Holy War with Google\" for 2011 and schedules a \"new campus\" for 2015. In March 2013 Apple filed a patent for an augmented reality (AR) system that can identify objects in a live video stream and present information corresponding to these objects","too traumatic to be shown to a shocked post-war population. Instead it was transferred in 1952 from the British War Office film vaults to London's Imperial War Museum and remained unreleased until 1985 when an edited version was broadcast as an episode of PBS \"Frontline\" under the title the Imperial","issue for some time the victory at Manzikert signalled the beginning of Turkish ascendancy in Anatolia. Most historians including Edward Gibbon date the defeat at Manzikert as the beginning of the end of the Eastern Roman Empire. Alp Arslan's strength lay in the military realm. Domestic affairs were handled by","powerful inexorable and insensible fate over which man had no control. This was replaced with the Islamic notion of a powerful but provident and merciful God. According to Francis Edwards Peters \"The Qur\u2019ān insists Muslims believe and historians affirm that Muhammad and his followers worship the same God as the","famous for his two \"Pooh\" books about a boy named Christopher Robin after his son Christopher Robin Milne and various characters inspired by his son's stuffed animals most notably the bear named Winnie-the-Pooh. Christopher Robin Milne's stuffed bear originally named \"Edward\" was renamed \"Winnie-the-Pooh\" after a Canadian black bear named","Earl of Worcester whose father had inherited the castle and estate of Abergavenny and was summoned in 1392 to parliament as Lord Bergavenny. Edward Nevill was summoned to parliament with this title in 1450. His direct male descendants ended in 1587 in Henry Nevill 6th Baron Bergavenny but a cousin","lower jaw and sacrum. The Arabic manuscript was discovered in 1665 by Edward Pococke the orientalist and preserved in the Bodleian Library. He then published the Arabic manuscript in the 1680s. His son Edward Pococke the Younger translated the work into Latin though he was only able to publish less","was developed by Edward Weston and uses two spiral springs to provide the restoring force. The uniform air gap between the iron core and the permanent magnet poles make the deflection of the meter linearly proportional to current. These meters have linear scales. Basic meter movements can have full-scale deflection","C. Jewitt and G. Edward Danielson in \"Voyager 2\" probe photographs taken on July 8 1979 and received the designation . Although it appeared only as a dot it was the first moon to be discovered by an interplanetary spacecraft. Soon after its discovery two other of the inner moons of","of the last winners of the Lewis Carroll Shelf Award ten years later. In 1984 it won the \"Zlota Sepulka\" or the \"Golden Sepulka\" () in Poland. In 2000 Le Guin was given the Margaret A. Edwards Award by the American Library Association for young adult literature. The award cited","Edward Bernays considered the founder of modern \"Madison Avenue\" advertising. Worldwide spending on advertising in 2015 amounted to an estimated . Advertising's projected distribution for 2017 was 40.4% on TV 33.3% on digital 9% on newspapers 6.9% on magazines 5.8% on outdoor and 4.3% on radio. Internationally the largest (\"big","in the British Army Royal American Regiment and came to America with Admiral Edward Boscawen's fleet for the French and Indian War. He served under General Jeffrey Amherst at the capture of Louisburg Nova Scotia on July 26 1758. On April 17 1759 he received a lieutenant's commission and was","most powerful nuclear device ever detonated. Sakharov saw \"striking parallels\" between his fate and those of J. Robert Oppenheimer and Edward Teller in the US. Sakharov believed that in this \"tragic confrontation of two outstanding people\" both deserved respect because \"each of them was certain he had right on his","war against the Ottoman Empire during World War I. In 1869 Abdülaziz received visits from Eugénie de Montijo Empress consort of Napoleon III of France and other foreign monarchs on their way to the opening of the Suez Canal. The Prince of Wales the future Edward VII twice visited Constantinople.","facilities as well as housing Abertillery museum. In March 2014 Prince Edward the Earl of Wessex officiated at the launch of Jubilee Square a public facility in the town centre next to St Michael's Church. Major industry came to the area in 1843 when the locality's first deep coal mine","the Conservative administration of Edward Heath and was later a Deputy Speaker of the House of Lords. Lord Aberdare was one of the ninety-two elected hereditary peers that were allowed to remain in the House of Lords after the passing of the House of Lords Act 1999. the title is","is extremely broad; its collections of over 75000 objects cover the material culture of the whole Asian continent (from East South Central and South-East Asia) and from the Neolithic up to the present day. Until recently this department concentrated on collecting Oriental antiquities from urban or semi-urban societies across the","supplemented with a quote from William L. Marcy the former governor of New York. In 1945 Boss Tweed was portrayed by Noah Beery Sr. in the Broadway production of \"Up In Central Park\" a musical comedy with music by Sigmund Romberg. The role was played by Malcolm Lee Beggs for","on many things such as the sacraments. Under King Edward VI however the Church in England underwent what is known as the English Reformation in the course of which it acquired a number of characteristics that would subsequently become recognised as constituting a distinct Anglican identity. By the Elizabethan Settlement","BCE wrote that Moses \"in remembrance of the exile of his people instituted for them a misanthropic and inhospitable way of life.\" Manetho an Egyptian historian wrote that the Jews were expelled Egyptian lepers who had been taught by Moses \"not to adore the gods.\" Edward Flannery describes antisemitism in","became tourist destinations. The Benedictines had built monasteries in Lucerne Switzerland and Oberammergau; the Cistercians in the Tyrol and at Lake Constance; and the Augustinians had abbeys in the Savoy and one in the centre of Interlaken Switzerland. The Great St Bernard Hospice built in the 9th or 10th centuries","the subject of various biographies and academic studies. Crowley was born as Edward Alexander Crowley at 30 Clarendon Square in Royal Leamington Spa Warwickshire on 12 October 1875. His father Edward Crowley (1829\u201387) was trained as an engineer but his share in a lucrative family brewing business Crowley's Alton Ales","available around 1970 researchers from all three traditions began to build knowledge into AI applications. This \"knowledge revolution\" led to the development and deployment of expert systems (introduced by Edward Feigenbaum) the first truly successful form of AI software. The knowledge revolution was also driven by the realization that enormous","of Edith Nesbit including \"The Story of the Treasure Seekers\" (1899) \"The Phoenix and the Carpet\" (1903) and \"The Railway Children\" (1906). When a little older she moved on to reading the surreal verse of Edward Lear and Lewis Carroll. In April 1901 at age 10 she wrote her first","novel \"The Murder of Roger Ackroyd\". Austin Trevor debuted the role of Poirot on screen in the 1931 British film \"Alibi\". The film was based on the stage play. Trevor reprised the role of Poirot twice in \"Black Coffee\" and \"Lord Edgware Dies\". Trevor said once that he was probably","Hamilton) based on Christie's 1962 novel. The film featured an all-star cast that included Elizabeth Taylor Rock Hudson Geraldine Chaplin Tony Curtis and Kim Novak. Edward Fox appeared as Inspector Craddock who did Miss Marple's legwork. Lansbury's Marple was a crisp intelligent woman who moved stiffly and spoke in clipped","a baronet. Turing's mother Julius' wife was Ethel Sara Turing (née Stoney 1881\u20131976) daughter of Edward Waller Stoney chief engineer of the Madras Railways. The Stoneys were a Protestant Anglo-Irish gentry family from both County Tipperary and County Longford while Ethel herself had spent much of her childhood in County","system employed in the Icelandic Commonwealth by competing chieftains. Edward Stringham argues that private adjudication of disputes could enable the market to internalize externalities and provide services that customers desire. Like classical liberalism and unlike anarcho-pacifism anarcho-capitalism permits the use of force as long as it is in the defense","free immigrants promising civil liberties and freedom from religious persecution based upon the ideas of Edward Gibbon Wakefield. Wakefield had read accounts of Australian settlement while in prison in London for attempting to abduct an heiress and realised that the eastern colonies suffered from a lack of available labour due","famous historical sites is that of the Achill Mission or 'the Colony' at Dugort. In 1831 the Church of Ireland Reverend Edward Nangle founded a proselytising mission at Dugort. The Mission included schools cottages an orphanage an infirmary and a guesthouse. The Colony was very successful for a time and","he had not yet firmly decided that transmutation was impossible. Almost half of Ibn Sīnā's works are versified. His poems appear in both Arabic and Persian. As an example Edward Granville Browne claims that the following Persian verses are incorrectly attributed to Omar Khayyám and were originally written by Ibn","recognition available to a writer or illustrator of children's books. Garner was the sole runner-up for the writing award in 1978. Garner was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) for services to literature in the 2001 New Year's Honours list. He received the British","secret agents. Among the novels in this series \"Witch Week\" stands out for its vivid depiction of a history alternate to that of Chrestomanci's own world rather than our own (and yet with a specific POD that turned it away from the \"normal\" history of most worlds visited by the","detachment of Edwards Air Force Base within the Nevada Test and Training Range. According to the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) the correct names for the facility are Homey Airport and Groom Lake though the name \"Area 51\" was used in a CIA document from the Vietnam War. The facility has","Rappler Maria A. Ressa wrote at some length about the Warren Rodwell case in the 2013 international edition of her Imperial College Press - published book \"From Bin Laden to Facebook: 10 Days of Abduction 10 Years of Terrorism\" (Refer to Pages 265 - 271) Crowdsourcing for ransom and social","traced to the Fogg Art Museum and Edward Waldo Forbes its director from 1909 to 1944. He encouraged technical investigation and was Chairman of the Advisory Committee for the first technical journal Technical Studies in the Field of the Fine Arts published by the Fogg from 1932 to 1942. Importantly","own anthem from its days as a dominion and British colony the \"Ode to Newfoundland\". It was the only Canadian province with its own anthem until 2010 when Prince Edward Island adopted the 1908 song \"The Island Hymn\" as its provincial anthem. In Mexico after the national anthem was established","Hoskins (1856-1919) admits to the readers of his \"Atlantis and other poems\" (Cleveland OH 1881) that he is only 24. Its melodramatic plot concerns the poisoning of the descendent of god-born kings. The usurping poisoner is poisoned in his turn following which the continent is swallowed in the waves. Asian","evolving nature of the Church. When Henry VIII broke away from the jurisdiction of Rome in 1533/4 the English Church claimed the episcopal polity and apostolic succession inherent in its Catholic past; however Protestant theology gained a certain foothold and under his successor Edward VI what had been an administrative","a waltz which Hopkins had composed in 1964 at the age of 26. Hopkins had never heard his composition \"And the Waltz Goes On\" before it was premiered by Rieu's orchestra in Vienna; Rieu's album was given the same name as Hopkins' piece. In January 2012 Hopkins released an album","would later name Addison's disease an eponym still used today for a condition of adrenal insufficiency and its related clinical manifestations. In 1894 English physiologists George Oliver and Edward Schafer studied the action of adrenal extracts and observed their pressor effects. In the following decades several physicians experimented with extracts","an important text for training an entire generation of astrophysicists. Eddington's work in astrophysics in the late 1920s and the 1930s continued his work in stellar structure and precipitated further clashes with Jeans and Edward Arthur Milne. An important topic was the extension of his models to take advantage of","in his private journals and those of spirit medium Edward Kelley. Dee's journals did not describe the language as \"Enochian\" instead preferring \"Angelical\" the \"Celestial Speech\" the \"Language of Angels\" the \"First Language of God-Christ\" the \"Holy Language\" or \"Adamical\" because according to Dee's Angels it was used by Adam","of the press probably without any credit a doggerel called \"The Old Canoe\" was composed about Pike by one of his political foes the subject of it being a canoe in which","Arthur Miller's son-in-law actor Daniel Day-Lewis is said to have visited Daniel frequently and to have persuaded Arthur Miller to meet with him. In 1952 Elia Kazan appeared before the House Un-American Activities Committee (HUAC). Kazan named eight members of the Group Theatre including Clifford Odets Paula Strasberg Lillian Hellman","may be effective in treatment-resistant depression with concomitant antidepressant therapy but a more certain conclusion could not be drawn due to substantial deficiencies in the studies available for consideration and the somewhat contradictory nature of their results. Before the 1950s opioids and amphetamines were commonly used as antidepressants. Their use","glass windows. Roger Homan notes that Edward Burne-Jones and others used her image often and in different ways creating a new type of angel. According to Islamic teaching angels are made of light are beautiful and have wings; although the shape and form of the wings are unknown. In Islamic","for human rights abuses throughout the war including the indiscriminate targeting of civilians in Afshar and that Massoud was personally implicated in some of these abuses. Roy Gutman has argued that the witness reports about Afshar cited in the AJP report implicated only the Ittihad forces and that these had","suppose.\" In 1844 the couple bought a house in Springfield near Lincoln's law office. Mary Todd Lincoln kept house often with the help of a relative or hired servant girl. He was an affectionate though often absent husband and father of four children. Robert Todd Lincoln was born in 1843","similar works regarding spiritual alchemy. Both forwarded a completely esoteric view of alchemy as Atwood claimed: \"No modern art or chemistry notwithstanding all its surreptitious claims has any thing in common with Alchemy.\" Atwood's work influenced subsequent authors of the occult revival including Eliphas Levi Arthur Edward Waite and Rudolf","The majority of Republican sheriffs have been elected in the more urban/suburban and heavily populated counties. the state of Alabama has one female sheriff in Morgan County Alabama and ten African-American sheriffs. The state's two U.S. senators are Republican Richard C. Shelby and Democrat Doug Jones. Shelby was originally elected","sluggish dragging tempo caused him to walk out of the hall during a matinee performance of this work. The audience according to Edward Cushing responded with \"a demonstration of enthusiasm impressively genuine in contrast to the conventional applause which new music good and bad ordinarily arouses.\" Critics believed that \"An","reviews than her novels had. The tenor of the criticism for her first nonfiction book \"For the New Intellectual\" was similar to that for \"Atlas Shrugged\" with philosopher Sidney Hook likening her certainty to \"the way philosophy is written in the Soviet Union\" and author Gore Vidal calling her viewpoint","Einstein's affiliation with the Institute for Advanced Study would last until his death in 1955. He was one of the four first selected (two of the others being John von Neumann and Kurt Gödel) at the new Institute where he soon developed a close friendship with Gödel. The two would","Edward Burnett Tylor inventor of cultural anthropology and his brother Alfred Tylor a geologist. Previously Edward had referred to himself as an ethnologist; subsequently an anthropologist. Similar organizations in other countries followed: The Anthropological Society of Madrid (1865) the American Anthropological Association in 1902 the Anthropological Society of Vienna (1870)","Astronauts-in-training (astronaut candidates) may also experience short periods of weightlessness (microgravity) in an aircraft called the \"Vomit Comet\" the nickname given to a pair of modified KC-135s (retired in 2000 and 2004 respectively and replaced in 2005 with a C-9) which perform parabolic flights. Astronauts are also required to accumulate","at Buckingham Palace with King Edward VII. There he met Princess Victoria Eugenie of Battenberg the Scottish-born daughter of Edward's youngest sister Princess Beatrice and a granddaughter of Queen Victoria. He found her attractive and she returned his interest. There were obstacles to the marriage. Victoria was a Protestant and","\"Vita Ælfredi\" asserts that this shows his lineage from the Jutes of the Isle of Wight. This is unlikely as Bede tells us that they were all slaughtered by the Saxons under Cædwalla. In 2008 the skeleton of Queen Eadgyth granddaughter of Alfred the Great was found in Magdeburg Cathedral","Count of Barcelos the illegitimate half brother of King Edward the queen's position was untenable. In 1439 the Portuguese Cortes (assembly of the kingdom) decided to replace the queen with Peter Duke of Coimbra (Dom Pedro) the young king's oldest uncle. Peter's main policies were concerned with restricting the political","crude preparation to treat some infections but he was unable to pursue its further development without the aid of trained chemists. Ernst Chain Howard Florey and Edward Abraham succeeded in purifying the first penicillin penicillin G in 1942 but it did not become widely available outside the Allied military before","in the 12th-century works of Hugh of St Victor and Edward Topsell's \"Historie of Foure-footed Beastes\" (London 1607 1653) and its replacement in the study of nature with methods of categorisation and mathematics by such figures as naturalist John Ray and the astronomer Galileo is thought to mark the beginnings","later interpreted by jurist Sir Edward Coke as meaning the age of marriage which at the time was 12 years of age. The American colonies followed the English tradition and the law was more of a guide. For example Mary Hathaway (Virginia 1689) was only 9 when she was married","using class warfare to gain support from the common man. Jackson however managed to successfully portray his veto as a defense of the common man against governmental tyranny. Clay proved to be no match to Jackson's ability to resonate with the people and the Democratic Party's strong political networks. Democratic","Obscure\" and also by Edward Ashburnham in Ford Madox","of Aragon close to anarchy. During his lifetime a dynastic marriage with Eleanor daughter of King Edward I of England was arranged. However Alfonso died before meeting his bride. He died at the age of 26 in 1291 and was buried in the Franciscan convent in Barcelona; since 1852 his","destroying it in 1308 followed by the massacring of the English garrison. The city was burned by Edward III of England in 1336 but was rebuilt and extended. The city was strongly fortified to prevent attacks by neighbouring lords but the gates were removed by 1770. During the Wars of","called Kolbe synthesis or Kolbe-Schmitt reaction. His method for the synthesis of nitriles is called the Kolbe nitrile synthesis and with Edward Frankland he found that nitriles can be hydrolyzed to the corresponding acids. In addition to his own bench research and scholarly and editorial work Kolbe oversaw student research","by water forming the Great Lakes of Tanganyika Kivu Lake Edward and Lake Albert the first-named over long and the longest freshwater lake in the world. Associated with these great valleys are a number of volcanic peaks the greatest of which occur on a meridional line east of the eastern","Selkirk's experience as a castaway aroused a great deal of attention in England. A crewmember Edward Cooke included an account of Selkirk's ordeal in a book chronicling their privateering expedition entitled \"A Voyage to the South Sea and Round the World\" (1712). The following year prominent essayist Richard Steele wrote","Mariangelus Accursius. The first modern edition was produced by C.U. Clark (Berlin 1910\u20131913). The first English translations were by Philemon Holland in 1609 and later by C.D. Yonge in 1862. Edward Gibbon judged Ammianus \"an accurate and faithful guide who composed the history of his own times without indulging the","governments. They started mass production after the bombing of Pearl Harbor. By D-Day in 1944 enough penicillin had been produced to treat all the wounded in the Allied forces. In Oxford Ernst Boris Chain and Edward Abraham were studying the molecular structure of the antibiotic. Abraham was the first to","medalist swimmers Melissa Belote and Jan Henne. Celebrities who have attended ASU include: \"Jimmy Kimmel Live!\" host Jimmy Kimmel; Steve Allen who was the original host of \"The Tonight Show\"; Academy Award nominated actor Nick Nolte; 11-Time Grammy Award winning singer Linda Ronstadt; \"Saturday Night Live\" and \"Tommy Boy\" actor","been interpreted as a radical critique of positivist science. Whorf is best known as the main proponent of what he called the principle of linguistic relativity but which is often known as \"the Sapir-Whorf hypothesis\" named for him and Edward Sapir. Whorf never stated the principle in the form of","as the capital. New Caledonia as the whole of the mainland rather than just its north-central Interior came to be called continued to be an unorganized territory of British North America \"administered\" by individual HBC trading post managers. With the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush in 1858 an influx of Americans","the University of Minnesota). Likewise in Toronto the Prince Edward Viaduct has five lanes of motor traffic bicycle lanes and sidewalks on its upper deck; and a pair of tracks for the Bloor\u2013Danforth subway line on its lower deck. The western span of the San Francisco\u2013Oakland Bay Bridge also has","England choral traditions and in particular of Isaac Watts's hymns mixed with African rhythms and call-and-response forms. Spirituals or religious chants in the African-American community are much better documented than the \"low-down\" blues. Spiritual singing developed because African-American communities could gather for mass or worship gatherings which were called camp","used the name \"Euxine Sea\" ( or ) to refer to the Black Sea. Edward Gibbon for instance calls the sea by this name throughout \"The History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire\". During the Ottoman Empire period the Black Sea was called either \"Bahr-e Siyah\" or","medallist Clarence Hill who won a bronze medal in boxing. Bermuda also competed in Men's Skeleton at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin Italy. Patrick Singleton placed 19th with a final time of 1:59.81. Jillian Teceira competed in the Beijing Olympics in 2008. It is tradition for Bermuda to march","were Democrats. The Bronx also has twelve Community Boards appointed bodies that field complaints and advise on land use and municipal facilities and services for local residents businesses and institutions. (They are listed at Bronx Community Boards). In 2008 three Democrats represented almost all of the Bronx in the United","not permitted until the 1960s. The Supreme Court later concluded in \"R. v. Edwards Books and Art Ltd.\" [1986] (2 S.C.R. 713) that Ontario's Retail Business Holiday Act which required some Sunday closings did not violate the Charter because it did not have a religious purpose. Nonetheless as of today","they continued to be at loggerheads with Rosebery over Irish home rule and issues relating to imperialism. Replacing Harcourt as party leader was Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman. Harcourt's resignation briefly muted the turmoil in the party but the beginning of the Second Boer War soon nearly broke the party apart with","to perform around Atlanta but his career was cut short by ill health mostly due to diabetes and alcoholism. In 1956 an Atlanta record store manager Edward Rhodes discovered McTell playing in the street for quarters and enticed him with a bottle of corn liquor into his store where he","than the English. It has been possible to name at least 500 individuals from the French army killed in the battle and over 300 prisoners. The English sources vary between about 1500 and 11000 for the French dead with English dead put at no more than 100. Barker identifies from","Dauphin Charles offered to open negotiations and Edward agreed. The Treaty of Brétigny was ratified on 24 October 1360 ending the Edwardian phase of the Hundred Years' War. In it Edward agreed to renounce his claims to the French throne in exchange for full sovereign rights over an expanded Aquitaine","is most often given as Blackbeard Edward Thatch or Edward Teach; the latter is most often used. Several spellings of his surname exist\u2014Thatch Thach Thache Thack Tack Thatche and Theach. One early source claims that his surname was Drummond but the lack of any supporting documentation makes this unlikely. Pirates","and Hans Christian Andersen Charles Kingsley's \"The Water Babies\" the folk tales and mythology of Scotland the German Romantics Shakespeare and the romances of Sir Walter Scott. As a young child before the age of eight Edward Lear's \"Book of Nonsense\" including the much loved \"The Owl and the Pussycat\"","and Edward Tatum. Conjugation diagram The F-plasmid is an episome (a plasmid that can integrate itself into the bacterial chromosome by homologous recombination) with a length of about 100 kb. It carries its own origin of replication the \"oriV\" and an origin of transfer or \"oriT\". There can only be","and King Edward's School Birmingham an all-boys independent school where he captained the school's rugby union team. He then studied English Literature at Pembroke College University of Cambridge. Whilst at Cambridge University Oddie appeared in several Footlights Club productions. One of these a revue called \"A Clump of Plinths\" was","already been fighting a guerrilla campaign against the English for eight years. His title before becoming king was Earl of Carrick not Earl of Bruce. The actual Edward I was ruthless and temperamental but the film exaggerates his character for effect. Edward enjoyed poetry and harp music was a devoted","Burden later City Planning Department Director in the Bloomberg administration worked on Battery Park City. During the 1980s a total of 13 buildings were constructed. The Vietnam Veterans Plaza was established by Edward I. Koch in 1985. In the early 1990s Battery Park City became the new home of the","was done by Edward Mellanby from 1939. Beans are high in protein complex carbohydrates folate and iron. Beans also have significant amounts of fiber and soluble fiber with one cup of cooked beans providing between nine and 13 grams of fiber. Soluble fiber can help lower blood cholesterol. Consuming beans adds","of northern Borneo came under the administration of North Borneo Chartered Company following the acquisition of territory from the Sultanates of Brunei and Sulu by a German businessman and adventurer named Baron von Overbeck before it was passed to British Dent brothers (comprising Alfred Dent and Edward Dent). Further enroachment","Edward Crystal (born March 14 1948) is an American actor writer producer director comedian and television host. He gained prominence in the 1970s for playing Jodie Dallas on the ABC sitcom \"Soap\" and became a Hollywood film star during the late 1980s and 1990s appearing in the critical and box","no revenues from the estate go to Parliament or to the public purse as otherwise in accord with the Civil List Act 1760 would be the case for property owned outright by the monarch. Along with Sandringham House in Norfolk ownership of Balmoral was inherited by Edward VIII on his","during the BBC's \"Asia Business Report\" which is simulcast from BBC World News. Alice Baxter and Sally Bundock present \"World Business Report\". Sally Bundock Alice Baxter and Ben Thompson present \"Business Live\" and \"World Business Report\". Ros Atkins presents 'Outside Source'. Philippa Thomas Alpa Patel Karin Giannone or Kasia Madera","blue is one of the three colours along with white and red on the league's official logo. A team from Toronto Ontario are nicknamed the Blue Jays. Seventeen other teams either regularly feature blue hats or utilise the colour in their uniforms. The National Basketball Association the premier basketball league","Coalition which declared war on France in 1799. With the Mediterranean undefended a Russian fleet entered the Ionian Sea while Austrian armies recaptured much of the Italian territory lost to Bonaparte in the previous war. Without their best general and his veterans the French suffered a series of defeats and","calculated to reconcile him with Stanley but it may have been to no avail\u2014Carpenter has identified a further cause of friction in Richard's intention to reopen an old land dispute that involved Thomas Stanley and the Harrington family. Edward IV had ruled the case in favour of Stanley in 1473","Cecil 1st Baron Burghley in 1563 when Nowell entered Cecil's household as a tutor to his ward Edward de Vere 17th Earl of Oxford. The earliest extant reference to the first foliation of the Nowell Codex was made sometime between 1628 and 1650 by Franciscus Junius (the younger). The ownership","of 1840. However the builders were to return within the decade. By 1847 the couple had found the palace too small for court life and their growing family and consequently the new wing designed by Edward Blore was built by Thomas Cubitt enclosing the central quadrangle. The large East Front","non-tests and drawing one; and most notably defeating Australia in two tests as well. The Lions however experienced mixed results during the New Zealand leg of the tour as well as losing all of the tests against the All Blacks. The Lions also played a test against Canada on their","in 1962 John R. Pierce's vision of communications satellites was realized by the launch of Telstar. In 1964 the Carbon dioxide laser was invented by Kumar Patel. In 1965 Penzias and Wilson discovered the cosmic microwave background for which they were awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1978. Frank","Nanette was indeed first produced in 1925 by Harry Frazee though the sale of baseball superstar Babe Ruth to the New York Yankees had occurred five years earlier. In the lore of the Curse of the Bambino Frazee supposedly needed to sell Ruth among other reasons to make up for","major UK No. 1 hit and Murray Head's \"One Night in Bangkok\" gave Andersson/Ulvaeus a US No. 3 hit. \"Chess\" was staged in London's West End Prince Edward Theatre in May 1986 and received mixed to positive reviews running for about three years. A revised staging on Broadway in April","rock bassists like Chris Squire of Yes and Geddy Lee of Rush while the StingRay was used by funk/disco players such Louis Johnson of the funk band The Brothers Johnson and Bernard Edwards of Chic. The 4001 stereo bass was introduced in the late 1960s; it can be heard on","the time Rab Butler. However opposition from the Treasury blocked the proposal. Consequently it was only following the recommendations of the 1969 Edwards Report that a new British Airways Board managing both BEA and BOAC and the two regional British airlines Cambrian Airways based at Cardiff and Northeast Airlines based","and Edward James Olmos. It is a loose adaptation of the 1968 novel \"Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?\" by Philip K. Dick. The film is set in a dystopian Los Angeles in 2019 and depicts a future in which synthetic humans known as replicants are bioengineered by the powerful","\"finite\" Boolean algebra is isomorphic to the Boolean algebra of all subsets of a finite set. Therefore the number of elements of every finite Boolean algebra is a power of two. Stone's celebrated \"representation theorem for Boolean algebras\" states that \"every\" Boolean algebra \"A\" is isomorphic to the Boolean algebra","of information. In 1958 George Beadle and Edward Tatum received the Nobel Prize for work in fungi showing that one gene produces one enzyme. In 1988 Colin Pitchfork was the first person convicted of murder with DNA evidence which led to the growth of forensic science. More recently Andrew Z.","Edward Lorenz and is derived from the metaphorical example of the details of a tornado (exact time of formation exact path taken) being influenced by minor perturbations such as the flapping of the wings of a distant butterfly several weeks earlier. Lorenz discovered the effect when he observed that runs","judges and magistrates wear black robes. That custom began in Europe in the 13th and 14th centuries. Jurists magistrates and certain other court officials in France began to wear long black robes during the reign of Philip IV of France (1285\u20131314) and in England from the time of Edward I","him to apply as it meant he could still play for Manchester United at the weekend. Also doing his army service in Shrewsbury at the same time was his United teammate Duncan Edwards. Charlton played 14 times for United in that first season scoring twice on his debut and managing","sits on the campus of Gonzaga University his alma mater. He was the fourth of seven children: brothers Larry (1895\u20131975) Edward (1896\u20131966) Ted (1900\u20131973) and Bob (1913\u20131993); and two sisters Catherine (1904\u20131974) and Mary Rose (1906\u20131990). His parents were Harry Lillis Crosby Sr. (1870\u20131950) a bookkeeper and Catherine Helen \"Kate\"","the Prince Edward County headland. Beginning in the east with the outlet to Lake Ontario the bay runs west-southwest for 25 kilometres to Picton (although this section is also called Adolphus Reach) where it turns north-northwest for another 20 kilometres as far as Deseronto. From there it turns south-southwest again","battle\" became popular with the publication in 1851 of Edward Creasy's \"The Fifteen Decisive Battles of the World\". British military historians J.F.C. Fuller (\"The Decisive Battles of the Western World\") and B.H. Liddell Hart (\"Decisive Wars of History\") among many others have written books in the style of Creasy's work.","flourished primarily due to the wine trade and the cathedral of St. André was built. It was also the capital of an independent state under Edward the Black Prince (1362\u20131372) but in the end after the Battle of Castillon (1453) it was annexed by France which extended its territory. The","Ceresino in addition to running back Darrin Nelson. Walsh was the Pac-8 Conference Coach of the Year in 1977. In 1979 Walsh was hired as head coach of the San Francisco 49ers by owner Edward J. DeBartolo Jr. The long-suffering 49ers went 2\u201314 in 1978 the season before Walsh's arrival","the Duke proposed a campaign along the valley of the River Moselle to carry the war deep into France. This required the capture of the major fortress of Landau which guarded the Rhine and the towns of Trier and Trarbach on the Moselle itself. Trier was taken on 27 October","he was made a prebendary of Canterbury Cathedral received a pension from Edward VI's privy purse and composed his major work the \"Tragoedie or Dialoge of the unjuste usurped primacie of the Bishop of Rome\". This text originally written in Latin is extant only in the 1549 translation of Bishop","his studies there in 1890 taking as coach Robert Rumsey Webb. He became acquainted with the younger George Edward Moore and came under the influence of Alfred North Whitehead who recommended him to the Cambridge Apostles. He quickly distinguished himself in mathematics and philosophy graduating as seventh Wrangler in the","inform them that they are no longer welcome to play blackjack. Sometimes a casino might ban a card counter from the property. The use of external devices to help counting cards is illegal in all US states that license blackjack card games. Techniques other than card counting can swing the","the end of the season. Although much was said about what Ruth could teach the younger players in practice his duties were to appear on the field in uniform and encourage base runners\u2014he was not called upon to relay signs. He got along well with everyone except team captain Leo","and mostly fabricated work. Nevertheless it still contains information that is considered reasonably sound \u2013 for instance it is the only source that mentions the erection of the Antonine Wall in Britain. Antoninus is unique among Roman emperors in that he has no other biographies. Antoninus in many ways was","Margaret of Wessex grandniece of Edward the Confessor. Alexander was named after Pope Alexander II. He was the younger brother of King Edgar who was unmarried and his brother's heir presumptive by 1104 (and perhaps earlier). In that year he was the senior layman present at the examination of the","Sir Edward Tylor in his 1871 book \"Primitive Culture\" in which he defined it as \"the general doctrine of souls and other spiritual beings in general\". According to Tylor animism often includes \"an idea of pervading life and will in nature\"; a belief that natural objects other than humans have","King Edward sent Ealdred to Germany to obtain Emperor Henry III's help in returning Edward the Exile son of Edmund Ironside to England. Edmund (reigned 1016) was an elder half-brother of King Edward the Confessor and Edmund's son Edward was in Hungary with King Andrew I having left England as","of \"Alemanni\" used by Edward Gibbon in his \"Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire\" and by the anonymous contributor of notes assembled from the papers of Nicolas Fréret published in 1753 who noted that it was the name used by outsiders for those who called themselves the \"Suebi\". This","1897 (and later Knight Grand Commander in 1902 by Edward VII). He was made a Knight Grand Commander of the Order of the Star of India by George V (1912). He was appointed a GCMG in 1923. He received like recognition for his public services from the German Emperor the","PAT (Personalized Array Translator). In 1963 Falkoff Iverson and Edward H. Sussenguth Jr. all working at IBM used the notation for a formal description of the IBM System/360 series machine architecture and functionality which resulted in a paper published in \"IBM Systems Journal\" in 1964. After this was published the","was awarded the Copley Medal. In 1881 the Harvard astronomer Edward Charles Pickering presented evidence that Algol was actually an eclipsing binary. This was confirmed a few years later in 1889 when the Potsdam astronomer Hermann Carl Vogel found periodic doppler shifts in the spectrum of Algol inferring variations in","India. While in India Hasan Ali Shah continued his close relationship with the British and was even visited by the Prince of Wales (the future King Edward VII) when he was on a state visit to India. The British came to address Hasan Ali Shah as His Highness. Hasan Ali","\"Principles of Geology\". Inspired by the chronicles of earlier travelling naturalists including Alexander von Humboldt Charles Darwin and especially William Henry Edwards Wallace decided that he too wanted to travel abroad as a naturalist. In 1848 Wallace and Henry Bates left for Brazil aboard the \"Mischief\". Their intention was to","restrictions on the use of real names as happened in the 18th century when Edward Cave wanted to get around restrictions imposed on the reporting of the House of Commons. In a genre such as farce or parody anagrams as names may be used for pointed and satiric effect. Pseudonyms","some skeletal material at a location nearby. The two skulls were assigned to the preexisting species \"Laelaps incrassatus\" by Edward Drinker Cope in 1892 although the name \"Laelaps\" was preoccupied by a genus of mite and had been changed to \"Dryptosaurus\" in 1877 by Othniel Charles Marsh. Cope refused to","Santa Anna retreated. In 1911 revolutionary forces took over the main plaza of Acapulco. In 1920 the Prince of Wales (the future King Edward VIII) visited the area. Impressed by what he saw he recommended the place to his compatriots in Europe making it popular with the elite there. Much","the new species \"Brontosaurus excelsus\". All specimens currently considered \"Apatosaurus\" were from the Morrison Formation the location of the excavations of Marsh and his rival Edward Drinker Cope. Another specimen in the American Museum of Natural History under specimen number460 which is occasionally assigned to \"Apatosaurus\" is considered nearly complete;","appointed the \"magister militum\" Stilicho. Stilicho also claimed to be the guardian of Arcadius causing much rivalry between the western and eastern courts. According to Edward Gibbon in \"The History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire\" during the shifting of offices that took place at the beginning","The quantum tunnelling theory of alpha decay independently developed by George Gamow and Ronald Wilfred Gurney and Edward Condon in 1928 was hailed as a very striking confirmation of quantum theory. Essentially the alpha particle escapes from the nucleus by quantum tunnelling its way out. Gurney and Condon made the","Jaime Vincens Vives (1910\u20131960). In Mexico exiled Republican intellectuals extended the Annales approach particularly from the Center for Historical Studies of El Colegio de México the leading graduate studies institution of Latin America. British historians apart from a few Marxists were generally hostile. Academic historians decidedly sided with Geoffrey Elton's","time of its discovery. The species epithet \"fragilis\" is Latin for \"fragile\" referring to lightening features in the vertebrae. The bones were collected from the Morrison Formation of Garden Park north of Cañon City. Marsh and Edward Drinker Cope who were in scientific competition went on to coin several other","noir counterpart to the femme fatale the private eye came to the fore in films such as \"The Maltese Falcon\" (1941) with Humphrey Bogart as Sam Spade and \"Murder My Sweet\" (1944) with Dick Powell as Philip Marlowe. Other seminal noir sleuths served larger institutions such as Dana Andrews' police","will be ended with a suffix _E or _ie (of) such as Hasan_e roshan (Hasan is name and roshan is surname) that means Hasan of Roshan or Mosa_ie saiidi (Muses of saiidi). The _e is not for surname and it is difficult to say it is a part of surname.","time American gangster films like \"Little Caesar\" and Wellman's \"The Public Enemy\" (both 1931) became popular. Dialogue now took precedence over \"slapstick\" in Hollywood comedies: the fast-paced witty banter of \"The Front Page\" (1931) or \"It Happened One Night\" (1934) the sexual double entrendres of Mae West (\"She Done Him","Zappa family had moved to Lancaster a small aerospace and farming town in the Antelope Valley of the Mojave Desert close to Edwards Air Force Base; he would later refer to Lancaster in the 1973 track \"Village of the Sun\". Zappa's mother encouraged him in his musical interests. Although she","Monster\" in late 1955 Wood married Norma McCarty. McCarty appeared as Edie the airplane stewardess in \"Plan 9 from Outer Space\". The marriage was annulled in 1956. Wood married his second wife Kathy O'Hara in 1959. They remained married until Wood's death in 1978. Kathy died on June 26 2006","resort and The Turtle Inn in Placencia Belize (both of which have won several prestigious awards including \"Travel + Leisure's World's Best: Best Resort in Central & South America\"); La Lancha in Lago Petén Itzá Guatemala; Jardin Escondido in Buenos Aires Argentina and Palazzo Margherita in Bernalda Italy. In San","film using the Kinemacolour process was thought to date from 1909 and was actually an inferior method. The re-discovered films were made by pioneer Edward Raymond Turner from London who patented his process on 22 March 1899. In 1903 Frank Mottershaw of Sheffield produced the film \"A Daring Daylight Robbery\"","Houses were the last transitional step between Wright's early designs and the Prairie creations. Meanwhile the Thomas House and Willits House received recognition as the first mature examples of the new style. At the same time Wright gave his new ideas for the American house widespread awareness through two publications","Language Services Act ensures that provincial services are to be available in the language. The Act applies to areas of the province where there are significant Francophone communities namely Eastern Ontario and Northern Ontario. Elsewhere sizable French-speaking minorities are found in southern Manitoba Nova Scotia Prince Edward Island and the","name of it for the world.\" The man behind the Frisbee's phenomenal success however was Edward \"Steady Ed\" Headrick (Pasadena Cal. June 28 1924 \u2013 La Selva Beach Cal. August 12 2002) hired in 1964 as Wham-O's new general manager and vice president in charge of marketing. Headrick soon redesigned","born on 6 March 1806 in Coxhoe Hall between the villages of Coxhoe and Kelloe in County Durham England. Her parents were Edward Barrett Moulton Barrett and Mary Graham Clarke; Elizabeth was the eldest of 12 children (eight boys and four girls). All lived to adulthood except for one girl","the father of space opera. Edward Elmer Smith was born in Sheboygan Wisconsin on May 2 1890 to Fred Jay Smith and Caroline Mills Smith both staunch Presbyterians of British ancestry. His mother was a teacher born in Michigan in February 1855; his father was a sailor born in Maine","Edward Waring (15 August 1798) was an English mathematician. He entered Magdalene College Cambridge as a sizar and became Senior wrangler in 1757. He was elected a Fellow of Magdalene and in 1760 Lucasian Professor of Mathematics holding the chair until his death. He made the assertion known as Waring's","member of the Royal Academy in 1898. In 1902 he was chosen to paint the coronation of King Edward VII. It was the official painting of the occasion and hence resides at Buckingham Palace. He did receive a knighthood although some say he refused it in 1907. Friendly with other","and the other social sciences. In 1975 Edward O. Wilson combined evolutionary theory with studies of animal and social behavior building on the works of Lorenz and Tinbergen in his book \"\". In the 1970s two major branches developed from ethology. Firstly the study of animal \"social\" behavior (including humans)","roots. For example the theory of island biogeography published by the Robert MacArthur and Edward O. Wilson in 1967 is considered one of the fundamentals of ecological theory. Biogeography has a long history in the natural sciences concerning the spatial distribution of plants and animals. Ecology and evolution provide the","unable to raise money without it the king assembled a new one in 1628. (The elected members included Oliver Cromwell and Edward Coke.) The new Parliament drew up the Petition of Right and Charles accepted it as a concession in order to obtain his subsidy. Amongst other things the Petition","Island was Annie Moore a 17-year-old girl from Cork Ireland who arrived on the ship \"Nevada\" on January 1 1892. She and her two brothers were coming to America to meet their parents who had moved to New York two years prior. She received a greeting from officials and a","constraint-induced movement therapy developed by Dr. Edward Taub at the University of Alabama at Birmingham. Constraint-induced movement therapy is based on the idea that a person with an impairment (physical or communicative) develops a \"learned nonuse\" by compensating for the lost function with other means such as using an unaffected","States over claiming the U.S. used it as blackmail in regards to the asylum request of Edward Snowden relations between Ecuador and the United States reached an all-time low. The pact offered Ecuador 23 million USD which it offered to the U.S. for human rights training. Tariff free imports had","ppb with a peak of 3.09 ppb. For comparison the PG&E Topock Compressor Station on the California-Arizona border averaged 7.8 ppb with peaks of 31.8 ppb based on a PG&E Background Study. Working with Edward L. Masry a lawyer based in Thousand Oaks California Brockovich went on to participate in","he took full advantage of the access that his status as a Yale alumnus gave him to other well-placed graduates such as Oliver Wolcott Jr. Secretary of the Treasury (class of 1778) and James Hillhouse a New Haven developer and political leader. His 1817 marriage to Henrietta Edwards granddaughter of","in 1862. Edward B. Tylor and Lewis H Morgan brought the term \"evolution\" to anthropology though they tended toward the older pre-Spencerian definition helping to form the concept of unilineal (social) evolution used during the later part of what Trigger calls the Antiquarianism-Imperial Synthesis period (c1770-c1900). In modern times the","to increased vulnerability to disease reduced ability to adapt to environmental change and other factors both known and unknown. A long-term species-wide eugenics plan might lead to a scenario similar to this because the elimination of traits deemed undesirable would reduce genetic diversity by definition. Edward M. Miller claims that","cast also included Julia Zemiro as Celeste de Chabrillan and Andrew Larkins as Peter Lalor. It was filmed in Ballarat and \"Toorac House\" in","which he wrote for the children of his patron Edward Stanley 13th Earl of Derby. Many other works followed. Lear's nonsense books were quite popular during his lifetime but a rumor developed that \"Edward Lear\" was merely a pseudonym and the books' true author was the man to whom Lear","grett company of chylderyn in ther surples\" and watched by Londoners \"wepyng and lamenting\"; the funeral chariot draped in cloth of gold was topped by an effigy of Edward with crown sceptre and garter. Edward's burial place was unmarked until as late as 1966 when an inscribed stone was laid","producer Dino De Laurentiis and RCA occurred. The producer wanted to have the exclusive rights for the soundtrack while RCA still had the monopoly on Morricone at that time and did not want to release the composer. Subsequently Morricone's work was rejected because he did not get the ok by","is called \"removing from the midst handing over to Satan\" and the like.\" Former Princeton president and theologian Jonathan Edwards addresses the notion of excommunication as \"removal from the fellowship of the Lord's Table\" in his treatise entitled \"The Nature and End of Excommunication\". Edwards argues that \"Particularly we are","garrison at Boland's Mills on Thursday but the fighting there inflicted up to two thirds of their casualties for the entire week for a cost of just four dead Volunteers. It had taken nearly nine hours for the British to advance . On Wednesday Linenhall barracks on Constitution Hill was","when students attribute failure to lack of effort and effort is perceived as controllable they experience the emotion of guilt and consequently increase effort and show improved performance. The self-determination theory (SDT) was developed by psychologists Edward Deci and Richard Ryan. SDT focuses on the importance of intrinsic and extrinsic","throne. Edmund came to the throne as the son of Edward the Elder and therefore the grandson of Alfred the Great great-grandson of Æthelwulf of Wessex and great-great grandson of Egbert of Wessex who was the first of the house of Wessex to start dominating the Anglo Saxon realms. However","its purported truth and rightness are upheld however thinly. Gibbon in letters to Holroyd and others expected some type of church-inspired backlash but the utter harshness of the ensuing torrents far exceeded anything he or his friends could possibly have anticipated. Contemporary detractors such as Joseph Priestley and Richard Watson","Whitefield Jonathan Edwards Billy Graham Harold John Ockenga John Stott and Martyn Lloyd-Jones. The movement gained great momentum during the 18th and 19th centuries with the Great Awakenings in the United Kingdom and the United States. The United States has the largest concentration of evangelicals in the world. Based mostly","honor in 1974 and the Fermi Gamma-ray Space Telescope which was named after him in 2008","to the cinematic essay include Georges Méliès and Bertolt Brecht. Méliès made a short film (\"The Coronation of Edward VII\" (1902)) about the 1902 coronation of King Edward VII which mixes actual footage with shots of a recreation of the event. Brecht was a playwright who experimented with film and","forced to work for a living. They had two children Lady Emily Elizabeth Bulwer-Lytton (1828\u20131848) and (Edward) Robert Lytton Bulwer-Lytton 1st Earl of Lytton (1831\u20131891) who became Governor-General and Viceroy of British India (1876\u20131880). His writing and political work strained their marriage while his infidelity embittered Rosina; in 1833 they","in natural history. His parents Edward and Inez Wilson divorced when he was seven. The young naturalist grew up in several cities and towns moving around with his father and his stepmother. In the same year that his parents divorced Wilson blinded himself in one eye in a fishing accident.","ELO's debut concert took place on 16 April 1972 at the Greyhound Pub in Croydon Surrey with a line-up of Wood Lynne Bevan Bill Hunt (keyboards) Andy Craig (cello) Mike Edwards (cello) Wilfred Gibson (violin) Hugh McDowell (cello) and Richard Tandy (bass). However this line-up did not last for long.","used to prosecute whistleblowers such as Thomas Andrews Drake John Kiriakou and Edward Snowden as well as officials who communicated with journalists for innocuous reasons such as Stephen Jin-Woo Kim. As of 2012 India and Pakistan were holding several hundred prisoners of each other's country for minor violations like trespass","plurality of models compatible with observational data-sets Edward Leamer urged that \"professionals ... properly withhold belief until an inference can be shown to","to the budding Angevin Empire of fiefs the family had inherited in France including Aquitaine. They reigned for three centuries some noted monarchs being Richard I Edward I Edward III and Henry V. The period saw changes in trade and legislation including the signing of the \"Magna Carta\" an English","in Sanskrit and complemented his language studies by studying music in the department of the famous composer Edward MacDowell (though it is uncertain whether Sapir ever studied with MacDowell himself). In his last year in college Sapir enrolled in the course \"Introduction to Anthropology\" with Professor Livingston Farrand who taught","working to make them a practical reality. Edward Bellamy was born in Chicopee Massachusetts. His father was Rufus King Bellamy (1816\u20131886) a Baptist minister and a descendant of Joseph Bellamy. His mother Maria Louisa Putnam Bellamy was a Calvinist. She was the daughter of a Baptist minister named Benjamin Putnam","the Winooski River (known then as the Onion River). The success of this business depended on the successful defense of the Wentworth grants. Early purchases of the company included about of land from Edward Burling and his partners; land was sold at a profit to Thomas Chittenden among others and","her Protestant half-brother Edward VI to the English throne. Mary set about trying to restore Roman Catholicism by making sure that: Edward's religious laws were abolished in the Statute of Repeal Act (1553); the Protestant religious laws passed in the time of Henry VIII were repealed; and the Revival of","Boott the physician. In 1775 Darwin met Elizabeth Pole daughter of Charles Colyear 2nd Earl of Portmore and wife of Colonel Edward Pole (1718\u20131780); but as she was married Darwin could only make his feelings known for her through poetry. When Edward Pole died Darwin married Elizabeth and moved to","the typical elephant. Sri Lankan zoologist Paules Edward Pieris Deraniyagala described it in 1950 under the trinomial \"Elephas maximus borneensis\" taking as his type an illustration in \"National Geographic\". It was subsequently subsumed under either \"E. m. indicus\" or \"E. m. sumatranus\". Results of a 2003 genetic analysis indicate its ancestors separated from the","and 1810 respectively and by the English physician Caleb Hillier Parry (a friend of Edward Jenner) in the late 18th century. Thomas Addison was first to describe Addison's disease in 1849. In 1902 William Bayliss and Ernest Starling performed an experiment in which they observed that acid instilled into the","(1909). The French restoration likewise furnished many laborers to other provinces to assist in their organization and progress. From it came the master general who remained longest at the head of the administration during the 19th century Père Vincent Jandel (1850\u20131872). Here should be mentioned the province of Saint Joseph","found in her tomb.\" A similar view of Dobrawa's burial place was expressed earlier in 1843 by Edward Raczyński in his study \"Wspomnienia Wielkopolski to jest województw poznańskiego kaliskiego i gnieźnieńskiego\" (Memories of the Greater Poland districts of Poznań Kalisz and Gniezno). However the burial place of the Bohemian princess","was an honor student. He lived with his mother Pamela Hobbs his stepfather Terry Hobbs and a four-year-old half-sister Amanda. Steve Edward Branch is buried in Mount Zion Cemetery in Steele Missouri. Christopher Byers (June 23 1984 \u2013 May 5 1993) was born to Melissa DeFir and Ricky Murray. His parents","Walter Perry was appointed the OU's first vice-chancellor in January 1969 and its foundation secretary was Anastasios Christodoulou. The election of the new Conservative government under the leadership of Edward Heath in 1970; led to budget cuts under Chancellor of the Exchequer Iain Macleod (who had earlier called the idea","14. In December 1983 Plato moved in with her boyfriend rock guitarist Lanny Lambert. The couple married on April 24 1984 and their only child Tyler Edward Lambert was born on July 2 1984. During this time Plato was let go from \"Diff'rent Strokes\" because the producers did not feel","Montfort faced an army led by Prince Edward (later King Edward I) and the powerful Earl of Gloucester who had recently defected to the royalist side at the Battle of Evesham. The battle resulted in a complete royal victory; Montfort was killed and King Henry III was restored to full","production of \"Cinderella\" in Sydney. In 1953 Kaye started a production company Dena Pictures named for his daughter. \"Knock on Wood\" was the first film produced by his firm. The firm expanded into television in 1960 under the name Belmont Television. Kaye entered television in 1956 on the CBS show","and land. Edgar ruled as a strong and popular king for 16 years. In 975 he was succeeded by his eldest son Edward \"the Martyr\". His accession was disputed by his stepmother Ælfthryth who wished her own son Æthelred to reign. Through the influence of Dunstan Edward was chosen and","Hopper. In 1960\u201367 before the making of \"Easy Rider\" Hopper shot a selection of groundbreaking images that is seen as telling a remarkable history of art artist places and events of that time. \"Dennis Hopper: Photographs 1961\u20131967\" was published in February 2011 by Taschen. Hopper began working as a painter","in the U.S. He and Edward Mills Purcell were awarded the 1952 Nobel Prize for Physics for \"their development of new ways and methods for nuclear magnetic precision measurements.\" In 1954\u20131955 he served for one year as the first Director-General of CERN. Felix Bloch made fundamental theoretical contributions to the","that would replace all others in the 1930s. As collective combat experience grew the more successful pilots such as Oswald Boelcke Max Immelmann and Edward Mannock developed innovative tactical formations and maneuvers to enhance their air units' combat effectiveness. Allied and \u2013 before 1918 \u2013 German pilots of World War I were","punishing Hugh\" Douglass later wrote). Thomas Auld sent Douglass to work for Edward Covey a poor farmer who had a reputation as a \"slave-breaker\". He whipped Douglass regularly and nearly broke him psychologically. The sixteen-year-old Douglass finally rebelled against the beatings however and fought back. After Douglass won a physical","findings of the Roberts Commission which concluded that the attack on Pearl Harbor had been assisted by Japanese-Americans. On February 19 1942 President Roosevelt signed Executive Order 9066 which relocated hundreds of thousands of the Japanese-American citizens and immigrants. They were forced to liquidate their properties and businesses and interned","fast food industry in Britain. In Scotland chips were first sold in Dundee: \"in the 1870s that glory of British gastronomy \u2013 the chip \u2013 was first sold by Belgian immigrant Edward De Gernier in the city's Greenmarket\". In Ireland the first chip shop was \"opened by Giuseppe Cervi\" an","his sequels to \"Dune\" nor any of his other books won a Hugo or Nebula Award although almost all of them were \"New York Times\" Best Sellers. Some felt that \"Children of Dune\" was almost too literary and too dark to get the recognition it may have deserved; others felt","clear origin. One belief is that it was recorded in 1363 when Edward III of England issued the proclamation: \"Moreover we ordain that you prohibit under penalty of imprisonment all and sundry from such stone wood and iron throwing; handball football or hockey; coursing and cock-fighting or other such idle","at the ninth General Assembly of the IMU earlier in the year and awarded at the 1983 Warsaw congress. In 1990 Edward Witten became the first physicist to win this award. In 1998 at the ICM Andrew Wiles was presented by the chair of the Fields Medal Committee Yuri I.","for American animation In the same way (special-effects studio) Tsubaraya created the template for the Japanese movie business. It was their use of cheap but craftsman-like approaches to movie-making that made tokusatsu unique.\" In 1998 TriStar Pictures released a reimagining of","necessary to assume either that the existence of the door was forgotten or that the entrance was again blocked with facing stones\" in order to explain why al-Ma'mun could not find the entrance. He also discusses a story told by Herodotus. Herodotus visited Egypt in the 5th century BC and","species was introduced to the island from South Africa. A local delicacy is the ormer (\"Haliotis tuberculata\") a variety of abalone harvested under strict laws from beaches at low spring tides. Traditional Guernsey recipes include a stew called Guernsey Bean Jar that is particularly served at the annual Viaer Marchi","certain patents were questionable he could not claim infringement on those same patents. There are claims the high court was trying to nullify a World War I claim against the United States government by the Marconi Company via simply restoring the non-Marconi prior patent. Marconi had a brother Alfonso and","of the moderating effect as does the Niagara Peninsula between Lake Erie and Lake Ontario. A similar phenomenon allows wineries to flourish in the Finger Lakes region of New York as well as in Prince Edward County Ontario on Lake Ontario's northeast shore. Related to the lake effect is the","to England in 1032 to help Edward the Confessor. He was obliged to take shelter in Guernsey and gave land now known as the \"Clos du Valle\" to the monks. Furthermore in 1061 when pirates attacked and pillaged the Island a complaint was made to Duke William. He sent over","from Legendary Pictures Godzilla was scaled to be and weighing making it the largest film version to that time. Director Gareth Edwards wanted Godzilla \"to be so big as to be seen from anywhere in the city but not too big that he couldn\u2019t be obscured\". The producers of \"Shin","sales General Motors is routinely among the world's largest automakers. Headquartered at the Renaissance Center in Detroit GM employs approximately 202000 people around the world. In 2009 General Motors sold 6.5 million cars and trucks globally; in 2010 it sold 8.39 million. Mary Barra is the chief executive officer (CEO) and","November 2015. Queen Elizabeth II is represented by the Governor and Commander-in-Chief presently Lieutenant General Edward Davis (sworn in 19 January 2016). After an election the Governor appoints the leader of the largest party in the unicameral parliament as Chief Minister. The Governor is not involved in the day-to-day administration","\"far from perfect\" and \"can be downright boring at times\" but felt that \"the destruction scenes make","group techUK rejected these claims stating that they understood the issues but that disclosure obligations \"must be based upon a clear and transparent legal framework and effective oversight rather than as suggested a deal between the industry and government\". In 2015 documents obtained by \"The Intercept\" from US National Security","to think Peters would succeed any more than Edwards or his predecessors had. Peters however launched his campaign in a different world from that of Edwards. He announced his map at a time when themes of social justice resonated strongly in academia and politics. Suggesting \"cartographic imperialism\" Peters found ready","concludes that the Doge is a combination of myth and reality saying that \u201cin everything you may see the show of a king but his authority is nothing\u201d . Indeed as Edward Muir points out \u201cby the sixteenth century virtually every word gesture and act that the doge made in","in allowing his genius to shed some of its lustre upon my humble name.\" Richard D'Oyly Carte died in 1901 and his widow Helen continued to direct the activities of the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company at the Savoy and on tour. Gilbert went into semi-retirement although he continued to direct","Amali faction proceeded to proclaim Sigeric a brother of Sarus as the next king of the Visigoths. According to \"The History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire\" by Edward Gibbon the first act of Sigeric's reign \"was the inhuman murder\" of Ataulf's six children from a former","exemplary fashion and in accordance with the highest traditions of service to one's country and I congratulate him upon his conduct in captivity...\" Finally Senator Goldwater sent Powers a handwritten note stating \"You did a good job for your country.\" In January 1963 he divorced his wife Barbara. He started","the now-defunct \"Dark Realms\" and \"Goth Is Dead\" included goth fiction and poetry. Other magazines cover fashion (e.g. \"Gothic Beauty\"); music (e.g. \"Severance\") or culture and lifestyle (e.g. \"Althaus\" e-zine). Visual contemporary graphic artists with this aesthetic include Gerald Brom Luis Royo Dave McKean Trevor Brown Victoria Francés as well","award for the best and fairest player in a season the Brownlow Medal. The first player to win the award was Geelong's Edward Greeves. Having been one of the dominant clubs in the old VFA Geelong struggled to maintain the same level of success during its early years in the","\"magnum opus\" a political treatise entitled \"The Intelligent Woman's Guide to Socialism and Capitalism\". The book was published in 1928 and sold well. At the end of the decade Shaw produced his final Fabian tract a commentary on the League of Nations. He described the League as \"a school for","ancestor) Theodore Cobblepot (Oswald Cobblepot's ancestor) and Edward Elliot (Thomas Elliot's ancestor) are considered the founding fathers of Gotham. In 1881 they constructed three bridges called the Gates of Gotham each bearing one of their last names. Edward Elliot became increasingly jealous of the Wayne family\u2019s popularity and wealth during","train carriages. The disaster caused substantial increases in rail-maintenance expenditure. The train driver Edward Olencewicz was exonerated by the inquiry. For many years the real people of the disaster being the relatives survivors and rescuers had little say as the healing continued for some 39 years until they formed the","is employed. The present form was adopted on 15 January 1981. The shield of the Royal Arms of New South Wales crowned with the St Edward's Crown is employed as the badge of the governor appearing on the viceroy's flag and on other objects associated with the person or the","was moved to Philadelphia with his father and brother Jacob and Edward at age 3. Born to Russian Jewish immigrants. He earned a law degree at McGill University in Montreal in 1923. While he was attending McGill a girlfriend (or \"a young hostess\") laughed at his ineptness at the game","New York City drawing artists from all over the country to work exhibit and sell their art. In its initial years Winslow Homer took a studio there as did Edward Lamson Henry and many of the artists of the Hudson River School including Frederic Church and Albert Bierstadt. From the","discovered it independently in 1876 as did Edward Emerson Barnard in 1882. In modern times the gegenschein is not visible in most inhabited","was finally confirmed in 1877 when they were introduced to Princess Louise the daughter of Queen Victoria. The queen herself was an avid reader of all of George Eliot's novels and was so impressed with \"Adam Bede\" that she commissioned the artist Edward Henry Corbould to paint scenes from the","on the site of his execution became feasible. The monument was sharply opposed by the clerical party but was finally erected by the Rome Municipality and inaugurated in 1889. A statue of a stretched human figure standing on its head designed by Alexander Polzin and depicting Bruno's death at the","constituency boundaries in the 1950s. In 1964 the federal government delegated the drawing of boundaries for national seats to the \"arm's length\" Elections Canada. As a result gerrymandering is not generally a major issue in Canada except at the civic level. Although city wards are recommended by independent agencies city","but as the closest relatives to the rorquals. John Edward Gray placed it in its own genus in 1865 naming it in honour of physician and zoologist Daniel Frederik Eschricht. The common name of the whale comes from its coloration. The subfossil remains of now extinct gray whales from the","to 1893 form the earliest known self-conscious homosexual autobiography. Another friend of Ives was the English socialist poet Edward Carpenter. Carpenter thought that homosexuality was an innate and natural human characteristic and that it should not be regarded as a sin or a criminal offence. In the 1890s Carpenter began","the forests of Lebanon (possibly used symbolically) within prophetic writings. Edward Lipinski and Peter Kyle McCarter have suggested that the Garden of the gods (Sumerian paradise) the oldest Sumerian version of the Garden of Eden relates to a mountain sanctuary in the Lebanon and Anti-Lebanon ranges. Although the Garden of","Show\" titled \"Wrangler\". Screen Gems backed Roddenberry's first attempt at creating a pilot. His series \"The Wild Blue\" went to pilot but was not picked up. The three main characters had names that later appeared in the \"Star Trek\" franchise: Philip Pike Edward Jellicoe and James T. Irvine. While working","Chief Baron of the Exchequer and two Justices Sir Thomas Walmsley and Sir Peter Warburton sat as Justices of the Common Pleas. The list of traitors' names was read aloud beginning with those of the priests: Garnet Tesimond and Gerard. The first to speak was the Speaker of the House","developed the script with Seton Miller for their eighth and final collaboration and the script was by Miller Kubec Glasmon John Bright and Niven Busch. The film starred James Cagney Eric Linden Joan Blondell and Ann Dvorak. In the film Cagney plays a race car driver who tries to \"protect\"","consists of deuterium in the place of regular hydrogen was discovered by Urey's group in 1932. François Isaac de Rivaz built the first de Rivaz engine an internal combustion engine powered by a mixture of hydrogen and oxygen in 1806. Edward Daniel Clarke invented the hydrogen gas blowpipe in 1819.","by an element in the Sun unknown on Earth. Lockyer and English chemist Edward Frankland named the element with the Greek word for the Sun ἥλιος (\"helios\"). In 1881 Italian physicist Luigi Palmieri detected helium on Earth for the first time through its D spectral line when he analyzed a","repeatedly attacked by invading armies from Northern Europe and in 476 Rome finally fell. Romulus Augustus the last Emperor of the Western Roman Empire surrendered to the Germanic King Odoacer. The British historian Edward Gibbon argued in \"The History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire\" (1776) that","global warming\". After that between December 1999 and early March 2000 the GCC was deserted by Daimler-Chrysler Texaco energy firm the Southern Company and General Motors. The Global Climate Coalition closed in 2002 or in their own words 'deactivated'. Documents obtained by Greenpeace under the US Freedom of Information Act","outlined the plans of Nelson Rockefeller Edward Teller Herman Kahn and Chet Holifield for an enormous network of concrete lined underground fallout shelters throughout the United States sufficient to shelter millions of people to serve as a refuge in case of nuclear war. The United States ended federal funding for","accused him of witchcraft and charged him with mutiny and treason in a shipboard trial. Drake claimed to have a (never presented) commission from the Queen to carry out such acts and denied Doughty a trial in England. The main pieces of evidence against Doughty were the testimony of the","rival by a divisive primary contest. He secured the nominations and expected an easy win against hapless incumbent Mayor John P. O'Brien. However at the last minute Joseph V. McKee entered the race as the nominee of the new \"Recovery party\". McKee was a formidable opponent because he was sponsored","groups. The first group which McBrien calls the \"active infallibilists\" was led by Henry Edward Manning and Ignatius von Senestréy. According to McBrien the majority of the bishops were not so much interested in a formal definition of papal infallibility as they were in strengthening papal authority and because of","in the universe has been explored in the scientific literature. A species might undertake such extermination out of expansionist motives paranoia or aggression. In 1981 cosmologist Edward Harrison argued that such behavior would be an act of prudence: an intelligent species that has overcome its own self-destructive tendencies might view","at high temperatures (which he later described as \"the dullest problem imaginable\") in the laboratory of physicist Edward Neville da Costa Andrade at University College London but with the outbreak of World War II (in particular an incident during the Battle of Britain when a bomb fell through the roof","13 December 1973 and its 90-minute maiden flight was made at the Air Force Flight Test Center (AFFTC) at Edwards AFB California on 2 February 1974. Its actual first flight occurred accidentally during a high-speed taxi test on 20 January 1974. While gathering speed a roll-control oscillation caused a fin","wood. In 1819 Edward D. Clarke and in 1822 René Just Haüy described fluorescence in fluorites Sir David Brewster described the phenomenon for chlorophyll in 1833 and Sir John Herschel did the same for quinine in 1845. In his 1852 paper on the \"Refrangibility\" (wavelength change) of light George Gabriel","1943 to take a fresh look at implosion. After reviewing Neddermeyer's studies and discussing the matter with Edward Teller von Neumann suggested the use of high explosives in shaped charges to implode a sphere which he showed could not only result in a faster assembly of fissile material than was","the Royal Academy and ceased to show his works there rejecting an offer from Millais to support his becoming an associate member. He founded the Hogarth Club in 1858 with William Morris Edward Burne-Jones and his former pupil Rossetti. After a successful period of a few years the club reached","to the Middle Ages in England. In 1318 King Edward II offered one third of the penalty to the relator when the relator successfully sued government officials who moonlighted as wine merchants. The Maintenance and Embracery Act 1540 of Henry VIII provided that common informers could sue for certain forms","for pre-contractual disclosure and the Yam Seng case shows that there is a duty of good faith in franchise relationships. The European Franchising Federation's Code of Ethics has been adopted by seventeen national franchise associations. However this has no legal force and enforcement by the national associations is neither uniform","all the five patriarchates including that of Rome (all in all 383 bishops). A. Edward Siecienski writes: \"In 879 the emperor called for another council to meet in Constantinople in the hopes that the new pope John VIII (872-882) would recognize the validity of Photius's claim upon the patriarchate. This","the rest of his career. Basing his ideas on those of predecessors such as Williamson Edward Frankland William Odling Auguste Laurent Charles-Adolphe Wurtz and others Kekulé was the principal formulator of the theory of chemical structure (1857\u201358). This theory proceeds from the idea of atomic valence especially the tetravalence of","Mk 2. The Lynx launched a torpedo and strafed the submarine with its pintle-mounted general purpose machine gun; the Wessex also fired on \"Santa Fe\" with its GPMG. The Wasp from as well as two other Wasps launched from fired AS-12 ASM antiship missiles at the submarine scoring hits. \"Santa","the media from documents culled by Edward Snowden required a subsidiary of Verizon to provide a daily on-going feed of all call detail recordsincluding those for domestic callsto the NSA. Each application for one of these surveillance warrants (called a FISA warrant) is made before an individual judge of the","Day. On Memorial Day it is common to place small flags by war memorials and next to the graves of U.S. war veterans. Also on Memorial Day it is common to fly the flag at half staff until noon in remembrance of those who lost their lives fighting in U.S.","who was not circumcised. A woman's responsibilities toward the tribe began with her initiation. Her age and place within tribal history was traced to that day and the group of girls with whom she was cut was named according to current events an oral tradition that allowed the Kikuyu to","St. Louis Missouri in July 1972 and then transferred to the Shubert Theatre Century City California running from July 22 1972 through October 1 1972. It was directed by Prince and starred Dorothy Collins (Sally; replaced by Janet Blair) Alexis Smith (Phyllis) John McMartin (Ben; replaced by Edward Winter) Gene","in his defiance. They had","were Manuel Gamio A. L. Kroeber Ruth Benedict Edward Sapir Margaret Mead Melville Herskovits Anita Brenner and Zora Neale Hurston. Boas was one of the most prominent opponents of the then-popular ideologies of scientific racism the idea that race is a biological concept and that human behavior is best understood","of F-15 kills have been achieved by Israeli Air Force pilots. On 16 September 2009 the last F-15A an Oregon Air National Guard aircraft was retired marking the end of service for the F-15A and F-15B models in the United States. With the retirement of the F-15A and B models","the government of Guam proposed because its clauses were incompatible with the Territorial Clause (Art. IV Sec. 3 cl. 2) of the U.S. Constitution. Other movements advocate U.S. statehood for Guam union with the state of Hawaii or union with the Northern Mariana Islands as a single territory or independence.","accused Washington of assassinating Jumonville who they claimed was on a diplomatic mission. Both France and Great Britain were ready to fight for control of the region and both sent troops to North America in 1755; war was formally declared in 1756. In 1755 Washington became the senior American aide","Edward \"G. E.\" Moore (; 4 November 1873 \u2013 24 October 1958) was an English philosopher. He was with Bertrand Russell Ludwig Wittgenstein and (before them) Gottlob Frege one of the founders of the analytic tradition in philosophy. Along with Russell he led the turn away from idealism in British","on well with King Edward though he found court functions and diplomatic duties disagreeable; \"frivolous and boring\" was his description. However he was able to pursue his geographical and scientific interests through contacts with the Royal Geographical Society and other learned bodies. The Treaty was signed on 2 November 1907","be $442 billion higher than U.S. Air Force projections. F-35 delays have led to shortfall of up to 100 jet fighters in the Navy/Marines team although measures have been taken using existing assets to manage and reduce this shortfall. The F-35C's maiden flight took place on 7 June 2010 at NAS","he was sent to the relatively quiet Aragon Front under Georges Kopp. By January 1937 he was at Alcubierre above sea level in the depth of winter. There was very little military action and Orwell was shocked by the lack of munitions food and firewood and other extreme deprivations. Orwell","a report reflecting the scientific consensus that the balance of evidence suggests there is a discernible human influence on global climate. Singer responded with a letter to \"Science\" saying the IPCC report had presented material selectively. He wrote: \"the Summary does not even mention the existence of 18 years of","differences between him and the producers of \"The Force Awakens\". Lucas described the previous six \"Star Wars\" films as his \"children\" and defended his vision for them while criticizing \"The Force Awakens\" for having a \"retro feel\" saying: \u201cI worked very hard to make them completely different with different planets","by Phantoms but is rescued by Gray Edwards (Alec Baldwin) and his squad \"Deep Eyes\" consisting of Ryan Whittaker (Ving Rhames) Neil Fleming (Steve Buscemi) and Jane Proudfoot (Peri Gilpin). It is revealed that Gray was once romantically involved with Aki. Upon returning to her barrier city Aki joins Sid","place in the world \u2013 about exactly what it is doing and why\". Despite the criticism Edouard Saouma served as DG for three consecutive terms from 1976 to 1993. In 1990 the US State Department expressed the view that \"The Food and Agriculture Organization has lagged behind other UN organizations","be executed for treason in 1601. With others Bacon was appointed to investigate the charges against Essex. A number of Essex's followers confessed that Essex had planned a rebellion against the Queen. Bacon was subsequently a part of the legal team headed by the Attorney General Sir Edward Coke at","Giancana and John Gotti. The RICO Act is still used today for all organized crime and any individuals who may fall under the Act's provisions. In 2003 a congressional committee called the FBI's organized crime informant program \"one of the greatest failures in the history of federal law enforcement.\" The","1958 an order for three prototypes was issued for a prospective low-cost fighter that could be supplied under the Military Assistance Program for distribution to less-developed nations. The first N-156F flew at Edwards Air Force Base on 30 July 1959 exceeding the speed of sound on its first flight. Although","the aftermath of the Hillsborough disaster was published in January of that year. The 1980s also saw the major English clubs led by the likes of Martin Edwards of Manchester United Irving Scholar of Tottenham Hotspur and David Dein of Arsenal beginning to be transformed into business ventures that applied","February 1966 at the Sands Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas. Sinatra was backed by the Count Basie Orchestra with Quincy Jones conducting. Sinatra pulled out from the Sands the following year when he was driven out by its new owner Howard Hughes after a fight. Sinatra started 1967 with","Capra directed two films at Paramount Pictures starring Bing Crosby \"Riding High\" (1950) and \"Here Comes the Groom\" (1951). From 1952 to 1956 Capra produced four science-related television specials in color for The Bell Laboratory Science Series: \"Our Mr. Sun\" (1956) \"Hemo the Magnificent\" (1957) \"The Strange Case of the","EDL<br> EDM<br> EdML<br> EDMS<br> EDO DRAM<br> EDO memory<br> EDO RAM<br> EDP<br> EDRAM<br> e-dress<br> EDS+<br> edu<br> edutainment<br> Edward Lorenz<br> Edward Yourdon<br> ee<br> EEMA<br> EEPROM<br> EER<br> E. F. Codd<br> EFF<br> effective computable<br> effective number of bits<br> Effort Adjustment Factor<br> EFL<br> EFNet<br> Eforth<br> E-Forth<br> EFT<br> EFTS<br> eg<br> EGA<br> egosurfing<br> EGP<br> egrep<br> Eh<br> eh<br>","tropical wool cut in a typical military fashion worn with a plumed helmet. However that custom fell into disuse during the tenure of Sir Paul Hasluck. The Governor-General now wears an ordinary lounge suit if a man or day dress if a woman. The Governor-General travels in a Rolls-Royce Phantom","of the two groups (French and English) desired to maintain their traditions. In point of fact the second law passed in Upper Canada relates to (petit) jury trial. This was continued so that Chapter 31 of the 1859 Consolidated Statutes of Upper Canada specifies the constitution of Grand and Petit","who in 1958 cast him in the pilot episode of his NBC series \"Peter Gunn\" two guest roles on the Edwards CBS series \"Mr. Lucky\" in 1959 and as a nervous harried navy yeoman in \"Operation Petticoat\" with Cary Grant and Tony Curtis. \"Operation Petticoat\" proved to be a breakout","The countess was married to Lionel Duke of Clarence the second surviving son of the king Edward III and the position brought the teenage Chaucer into the close court circle where he was to remain for the rest of his life. He also worked as a courtier a diplomat and","\"Graphic Design\" in its title. The signage in the London Underground is a classic design example of the modern era and used a typeface designed by Edward Johnston in 1916. In the 1920s Soviet constructivism applied 'intellectual production' in different spheres of production. The movement saw individualistic art as useless","Guido Fawkes \"otherwise called Guido Johnson\". He pleaded not guilty despite his apparent acceptance of guilt from the moment he was captured. The outcome was never in doubt. The jury found all the defendants guilty and the Lord Chief Justice Sir John Popham pronounced them guilty of high treason. The","(S&DR). The railway connected collieries near Bishop Auckland to the River Tees at Stockton passing through Darlington on the way. The original plan was to use horses to draw coal carts on metal rails but after company director Edward Pease met Stephenson he agreed to change the plans. Stephenson surveyed","than 10 progeny and that the results matched the expectation. They conclude: \"Fisher's allegation of deliberate falsification can finally be put to rest because on closer analysis it has proved to be unsupported by convincing evidence.\" In 2008 Hartl and Fairbanks (with Allan Franklin and AWF Edwards) wrote","can containing the absorbent materials by a hose. The British Royal Society of Chemistry claims that British scientist Edward Harrison developed the first practical gas mask for mass production (towards the end of 1916) a claim supported by a thank-you note written by Winston Churchill. American chemist and inventor James","Edward \"Ace\" Bailey (June 13 1948 \u2013 September 11 2001) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player and scout who was a member of Stanley Cup and Memorial Cup winning teams. He died at the age of 53 while aboard United Airlines Flight 175 which crashed into the South Tower","male deity of Judeo-Christian theology and the pagan goddess Ashtoreth. From Palestine Gardner went to Turkey Greece Hungary and Germany. He eventually reached England but soon went on a visit to Denmark to attend a conference on weaponry at the Christiansborg Palace Copenhagen during which he gave a talk on","stereotypes and typical plot structures of the Gothic novel leading to a series of absurd events culminating in catastrophe. After her downfall her affectations and excessive imaginations become eventually subdued by the voice of reason in the form of Stuart a paternal figure under whose guidance the protagonist receives a","Edward \"Garrison\" Keillor (born August 7 1942) is an American author storyteller humorist voice actor and radio personality. He is best known as the creator of the Minnesota Public Radio (MPR) show \"A Prairie Home Companion\" (called \"Garrison Keillor's Radio Show\" in some international syndication) which he hosted from 1974","Edward Jenner FRS (; 17 May 1749 \u2013 26 January 1823) was an English physician and scientist who was the pioneer of smallpox vaccine the world's first vaccine. The terms \"vaccine\" and \"vaccination\" are derived from \"Variolae vaccinae\" (smallpox of the cow) the term devised by Jenner to denote cowpox.","on October 14 1894 in Cambridge Massachusetts to Edward Cummings and the former Rebecca Haswell Clarke a well-known Unitarian couple in the city. His father was a professor at Harvard University and later became nationally known as the minister of South Congregational Church in Boston Massachusetts. His mother who loved","1972. Other halls staging music and theatre include The Hub the Assembly Rooms and the Queen's Hall. The Scottish Chamber Orchestra is based in Edinburgh. Edinburgh has two repertory cinemas the Edinburgh Filmhouse and The Cameo as well as the independent Dominion Cinema and a range of multiplexes. Edinburgh has","stratiosphecomyioides\" is the longest accepted binomial name. It is a species of soldier fly. \"Aequeosalinocalcalinoceraceoaluminosocupreovitriolic\" at 52 letters describing the spa waters at Bath England is attributed to Dr. Edward Strother (1675\u20131737). The word is composed of the following elements: The longest officially recognized place name in an English-speaking country","ringing a bell through a mile of wire strung around the room. In 1835 Joseph Henry and Edward Davy invented the critical electrical relay. Davy's relay used a magnetic needle which dipped into a mercury contact when an electric current passed through the surrounding coil. This allowed a weak current","that Lincoln's desire to reassert the saving of the Union as his sole war goal was in fact crucial to his claim of legal authority for emancipation. Since slavery was protected by the Constitution the only way that he could free the slaves was as a tactic of war\u2014not as","for discovering the neutron (in 1932) John Cockcroft and Ernest Walton for an experiment which was to be known as \"splitting the atom\" using a particle accelerator and Edward Appleton for demonstrating the existence of the ionosphere. In 1925 Rutherford pushed calls to the Government of New Zealand to support","Old Will (Edward Rigby) a homeless but sociable china-mender. But Will was not the thief; he was given the coat by a man with twitchy eyes. And when Will received the coat its belt was missing. Separated from the group Erica is taken in by the police. Upon realizing that","resubmitted their applications on 11 May 1967 and with Georges Pompidou succeeding Charles de Gaulle as French president in 1969 the veto was lifted. Negotiations began in 1970 under the pro-European government of Edward Heath who had to deal with disagreements relating to the Common Agricultural Policy and the UK's","1903 Rutherford named gamma rays. In 1910 British physicist William Henry Bragg demonstrated that gamma rays are electromagnetic radiation not particles and in 1914 Rutherford and Edward Andrade measured their wavelengths finding that they were similar to X-rays but with shorter wavelengths and higher frequency although a 'cross-over' between X","David Edward Hughes in 1878. Ernst Lecher in 1888 showed that the current through an electric arc could be oscillatory. An oscillator was built by Elihu Thomson in 1892 by placing an LC tuned circuit in parallel with an electric arc and included a magnetic blowout. Independently in the same","Edward Mitchell Bannister (ca. 1828 \u2013 January 9 1901) was a Black Canadian-American Tonalist painter. Like other Tonalists his style and predominantly pastoral subject matter were drawn from his admiration for Millet and the French Barbizon School. Bannister was born in St. Andrews New Brunswick and moved to New England","the First Symphony \"a masterpiece of the first order\" to be \"justly ranked with the great symphonic models \u2013 Beethoven and Brahms.\" By contrast the critic W. J. Turner in the mid-twentieth century wrote of Elgar's \"Salvation Army symphonies\" and Herbert von Karajan called the \"Enigma Variations\" \"second-hand Brahms\". Elgar's","supporters proved the more powerful and persuasive and he was crowned king at Kingston upon Thames before the year was out. Edward reigned for only three years before he was murdered by members of his brother's household. Though little is known about Edward's short reign it is known that it","execution Henry married Jane Seymour who died shortly after the birth of their son Prince Edward in 1537. From his birth Edward was undisputed heir apparent to the throne. Elizabeth was placed in his household and carried the chrisom or baptismal cloth at his christening. Elizabeth's first governess (or Lady","of Rome by contrast was fatal. \"What counteracted this [imperial] tendency in Europe \u2026 was a countervailing tendency for the geographical boundaries of the system to expand.\" If \"Europe had been a closed system some great power would eventually have succeeded in establishing absolute supremacy over the other states in","of decision skeptical puzzled and unresolved. Prejudice renders a man's virtue his habit\". Burke criticised social contract theory by claiming that society is indeed a contract but \"a partnership not only between those who are living but between those who are living those who are dead and those who are","Rutgers University's Douglass College in New Jersey until her retirement in 1964. They remained married until her death in November 1977. They had two children David Wigner and Martha Wigner Upton. During the Manhattan Project Wigner led a team that included Alvin M. Weinberg Katharine Way Gale Young and Edward","Hall ceremony and a year later Sylvia gave birth to Elizabeth (\"Betty\") named after Sullivan\u2019s mother who had died that year. The Sullivans were always \"on the town\" eating out five nights a week at some of the trendiest clubs and restaurants\u2014The Stork Club Danny\u2019s Hideaway and Jimmy Kelly\u2019s. Sullivan","1861.] In 1862 he took orders. After holding masterships at King Edward's School Birmingham he succeeded G. F. Mortimer as headmaster of the City of London School in 1865 at the early age of twenty-six. Here he oversaw the education of future Prime Minister H. H. Asquith. He was Hulsean","a higher number of teenagers and successful young adults in a bid to capture the younger television audience. This has spurred criticism most notably from the actress Anna Wing who played Lou Beale in the show. She commented \"I don't want to be disloyal but I think you need a","concert in Columbus Ohio playing guitar on three songs in Jimmie Vaughan's opening act. The chemistry between Trucks and Clapton convinced him to invite The Derek Trucks Band to open for Clapton's set at his 2007 Crossroads Guitar Festival. Trucks remained on set afterward and performed with Clapton's band throughout","was born to the reigning English king Edward the Elder by his second wife Ælfflæd and hence was a granddaughter of King Alfred the Great. In 919 her sister Eadgifu married the West Frankish king Charles the Simple. Nothing is known of Edith until at the request of the East","fundamentally different from charged alpha and beta particles) and Edward Andrade measured their wavelengths and found that gamma rays were similar to X-rays but with shorter wavelengths and higher frequencies. Electromagnetic waves are typically described by any of the following three physical properties: the frequency \"f\" wavelength λ or photon","expressed concerns that the National Security Agency has inserted a kleptographic backdoor into at least one elliptic curve-based pseudo random generator. Internal memos leaked by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden suggest that the NSA put a backdoor in the Dual EC DRBG standard. One analysis of the possible backdoor concluded","Edward Feigenbaum who is sometimes termed the \"father of expert systems\"; other key early contributors were Bruce Buchanan and Randall Davis. The Stanford researchers tried to identify domains where expertise was highly valued and complex such as diagnosing infectious diseases (Mycin) and identifying unknown organic molecules (Dendral). The idea that","the Crusades as the feudal leader of the soldiers from her duchy. The story that she and her ladies dressed as Amazons is disputed by historians sometimes confused with the account of King Conrad's train of ladies during this campaign in Edward Gibbon's \"The History of the Decline and Fall","published by Edward Pococke the Younger in 1671 had an influence on John Locke's formulation of \"tabula rasa\" in \"An Essay Concerning Human Understanding\". A similar Islamic theological novel \"Theologus Autodidactus\" was written by the Arab theologian and physician Ibn al-Nafis in the 13th century. It also dealt with the","territory was formally ceded by Wessex to the Danelaw kingdom of East Anglia under the Treaty of Alfred and Guthrum. After the reconquest by Edward the Elder the king's representative in Essex was styled an ealdorman and Essex came to be regarded as a shire. The following list of kings","with the Temple authorities begins leading R.T. France to characterise Mark as a three-act drama. James Edwards in his 2002 commentary points out that the gospel can be seen as a series of questions asking first who Jesus is (the answer being that he is the messiah) then what form","the Aramaic Mesopotamian world. In 1966 at the Congress of Median Buddhologist Edward Conze noted phenomenological commonalities between Mahayana Buddhism and Gnosticism in his paper \"Buddhism and Gnosis\" following an early suggestion put forward by Isaac Jacob Schmidt. The influence of Buddhism in any sense on either the \"gnostikos\" Valentinus","sketch. The interest was supported by his uncle Edward Smith his great-uncle Richard James Lane a professional artist and many other family members. Hopkins's first ambitions were to be a painter and he would continue to sketch throughout his life inspired as an adult by the work of John Ruskin","to change \"her\" to \"our\"; others pointed out that the theology was somewhat dubious and substituted \"thine\" instead. Sydney G. R. Coles wrote a completely new version as did Canon F. K. Harford. In 1836 William Edward Hickson wrote four alternative verses. The first third and fourth of these verses","letter to William dated 18 June (Julian calendar) reaching him in The Hague on 30 June and dispatched by Rear Admiral Herbert disguised as a common sailor. The Seven consisted of Lord Shrewsbury Lord Devonshire Lord Danby Lord Lumley Henry Compton Edward Russell and Henry Sydney. The invitation declared: The","physician Caleb Hillier Parry (a friend of Edward Jenner) in the late 18th century. Paracelsus (1493\u20131541) was the first person to propose a relationship between goitre and minerals (particularly lead) in drinking water. Iodine was later discovered by Bernard Courtois in 1811 from seaweed ash. Goitre was previously common in","titled \"A Short History of England\" Chesterton considers the royal decree of 1290 by which Edward I expelled Jews from England a policy that remained in place until 1655. Chesterton writes that popular perception of Jewish moneylenders could well have led Edward I's subjects to regard him as a \"tender","his second term. In 1893 after the death of Samuel Blatchford Cleveland nominated William B. Hornblower to the Court. Hornblower the head of a New York City law firm was thought to be a qualified appointee but his campaign against a New York machine politician had made Senator David B.","but all that changed in CE 378 when the Visigoths destroyed as much as two-thirds of the Roman army of the East under emperor Valens. Roman historian Ammianus Marcellinus referred to the damage inflicted by the Germanic tribes at Adrianople as an \"irreparable disaster\" and ended his account of Roman","active in the 1940s and 1950s published accounts of their experiences with ostensibly true ghost stories such as Price's \"The Most Haunted House in England\" and Underwood's \"Ghosts of Borley\" (both recounting experiences at Borley Rectory). The writer Frank Edwards delved into ghost stories in his books of his like","Edward Gough Whitlam ( 11 July 191621 October 2014) was the 21st Prime Minister of Australia serving from 1972 to 1975. The Leader of the Labor Party from 1967 to 1977 Whitlam led his party to power for the first time in 23 years at the 1972 election. He won","In 1990 Trudeau appeared on the cover of \"Newsweek\" for \"Inside Doonesbury's Brain\" a story written by Jonathan Alter. This was the first interview Trudeau had given in seventeen years. Trudeau cooperated extensively with \"Wired\" magazine for a 2000 profile \"The Revolution Will be Satirized\". He later spoke with the","when merchants and professionals fled. Defoe wrote \"Nothing was to be seen but wagons and carts with goods women servants children coaches filled with people of the better sort and horsemen attending them and all hurrying away\". As the plague raged throughout the summer only a small number of clergymen","descendants donated both it and the Nicolay copy to the Library of Congress in 1916. The Everett copy also known as the \"Everett-Keyes copy\" was sent by President Lincoln to Edward Everett in early 1864 at Everett's request. Everett was collecting the speeches at the Gettysburg dedication into one bound","finished. Martin drew much inspiration from actual history for the series having several bookcases filled with medieval history for research and visiting historic European landmarks. For an American who speaks only English the history of England proved the easiest source of medieval history for him giving the series a British","their surprise the audience liked them better as comedians than as singers. They modified the then-popular Gus Edwards comedy skit \"School Days\" and renamed it \"Fun In Hi Skule\". The Marx Brothers would perform variations on this routine for the next seven years. For a time in vaudeville all the","of a series starring Edward Petherbridge as Lord Peter and Harriet Walter as Harriet Vane. A reference to Chancellor Brüning dates the adaptation to the 1930-32 period several years earlier than the novel. In 2005 an adaptation of the novel was released on CD by the BBC Radio Collection to","is achieved in CaC and it further increases under applied pressure (15.1 K at 8 GPa). In 1893 Charles Street of Le Carbone discovered a process for making artificial graphite. Another process to make synthetic graphite was invented accidentally by Edward Goodrich Acheson (1856\u20131931). In the mid-1890s Acheson discovered that","José Raúl Capablanca Alexander Alekhine Siegbert Tarrasch and Frank Marshall. Chess historian Edward Winter has questioned this stating that the earliest known sources that support this story are an article by Robert Lewis Taylor in the June 15 1940 issue of \"The New Yorker\" and Marshall's autobiography \"My 50 Years","better political system. Other intellectuals in the environmental movement like Edward Goldsmith have used Gaia in the completely opposite way; to stake a claim about how Gaia's focus on natural balance and resistance and resilience should be emulated to design a conservative political system (as explored in Alan Marshall's 2002","a googol of zeroes. In 1920 Edward Kasner's nine-year-old nephew Milton Sirotta coined the term \"googol\" which is 10 then proposed the further term \"googolplex\" to be \"one followed by writing zeroes until you get tired\". Kasner decided to adopt a more formal definition \"but different people get tired at"],"title":["Dictionary","History of Dominica","Dracula","Disco","David Fincher","Dr. Dre","Dumbarton Bridge (California)","Planned economy","Christmas tree","Carousel (musical)","Creation science","Charles Mingus","Christian alternative rock","The Canterbury Tales","Cyril M. Kornbluth","Clay Mathematics Institute","Lockheed C-130 Hercules","Consilience","Catharism","Cocaine","Concept album","Charles F. Hockett","Cyc","City of London","Cranberry","Chinese historiography","Control theory","Canadian football","Chicago","Catherine of Aragon","Confederate States of America","Concorde","Cecilia Beaux","Celts","Candide","Cleveland Browns","Cimbri","Clock","Canadian English","Camouflage","Craven Cottage","Chicago Bears","Cello","Conservative Judaism","Constantin Brâncuși","Cosmological argument","Charles Edward Jones","Dirk Benedict","Cheshire","The Maritimes","Constantine II of Scotland","Constitution of Canada","Charles I of England","Christianity and homosexuality","Cowboy Bebop","Carl Barks","Colonialism","Curtiss P-40 Warhawk","Choctaw","Computer security","Capability Maturity Model","Class action","Cross-examination","Constantine the Great","Bloody Sunday (1972)","Chemistry","Brisbane Broncos","Bovril","Carl Linnaeus","Common law","Country music","Bride of the Monster","STS-51-F","Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress","Celtic music","Citizen Kane","Crony capitalism","David Beckham","Diego Garcia","Drawing","David Rice Atchison","Stephen Donaldson (activist)","Doublespeak","Dr. Strangelove","Diocletian","Deism","David Ricardo","Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders","Book of Common Prayer","Battle of Gettysburg","Birmingham Small Arms Company","Boston Corbett","B. F. Skinner","Behistun Inscription","Baralong incidents","Balfour Declaration","Barney Bubbles","Bodmin","Batman Forever","Black and Tans","Batman Returns","Bermuda Triangle","Robert Bellarmine","Bob Knight","Big Apple","Carl Sagan","Cottingley Fairies","Chrysler Building","Christianity and antisemitism","Boeing C-17 Globemaster III","Coca-Cola","Conan the Barbarian","Chicago Cubs","Cuban Missile Crisis","Coronation Street","Subspecies of Canis lupus","Coyote","Conservatism","Computer animation","Charles Babbage","Chariots of Fire","Courtney Love","History of Cuba","Comic strip","Claude Shannon","Chicano","Cape Breton Island","Channel Islands","Cross-dressing","C. Northcote Parkinson","Channel Tunnel","Cornish language","Charles Sanders Peirce","Cultural imperialism","Civilization","Chaos theory","Calvin Coolidge","Columbia University","Cecil B. DeMille","Chemical bond","Chuck Yeager","Capetian dynasty","Chemical engineering","Cultural anthropology","Capitalism","Creationism","Chives","Chile","Video game","Foreign relations of Chile","History of the Cayman Islands","History of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints","Celtic languages","County Mayo","Charles Tupper","Christopher Marlowe","Charles Dickens","Christian eschatology","Clement Attlee","California Institute of Technology","Cognitive psychology","Cardiff","Cleveland","C. S. Lewis","History of China","Canadian Pacific Railway","Church of England","Declaration of Arbroath","Devon","Dwight L. Moody","Drinking game","Danny Elfman","Difference engine","Dinosaur","Deseret alphabet","Dumpster diving","David Janssen","David Angell","Dodo","A. E. Housman","Arthur Jensen","Al Capp","And did those feet in ancient time","The Birth of a Nation","Anabaptism","Aldebaran","Autonomous building","`Abdu'l-Bahá","Acid\u2013base reaction","Apollo 1","Auguste Rodin","Cuisine of the United States","Anne Brontë","American Civil Liberties Union","Act of Settlement 1701","Ark of the Covenant","American Revolution","Astrology","Arbor Day","Bowls","Boiled leather","Baltimore Orioles","Battle of Waterloo","Beagle","Northrop Grumman B-2 Spirit","Bethlehem","Attila","A Clockwork Orange (novel)","August Derleth","American Revolutionary War","Aberdeenshire","Alexander Graham Bell","Apple Inc.","Alfred Hitchcock","Alp Arslan","Allah","A. A. Milne","Abergavenny","Abd al-Latif al-Baghdadi","Ammeter","Adrastea (moon)","A Wizard of Earthsea","Advertising","Arthur St. Clair","Andrei Sakharov","Abdülaziz","Abertillery","Baron Aberdare","British Museum","William M. Tweed","Anglicanism","Antisemitism","Alps","Aleister Crowley","Artificial intelligence","Agatha Christie","Hercule Poirot","Miss Marple","Alan Turing","Anarcho-capitalism","Adelaide","Achill Island","Avicenna","Alan Garner","Alternate history","Area 51","Abu Sayyaf","Conservation-restoration of cultural heritage","Anthem","Atlantis","Apostolic succession","Anthony Hopkins","Adrenal gland","Arthur Eddington","Adamic language","Albert Pike","Arthur Miller","Antidepressant","Angels in art","Ahmad Shah Massoud","Abraham Lincoln","Alchemy","Alabama","An American in Paris","Ayn Rand","Albert Einstein","Anthropology","Astronaut","Alfonso XIII of Spain","Alfred the Great","Afonso V of Portugal","Antibiotics","Allegory","Age of consent","Andrew Jackson","Hymn to Proserpine","Alfonso III of Aragon","Aberdeen","Hermann Kolbe","Geography of Africa","Alexander Selkirk","Ammianus Marcellinus","Alexander Fleming","Arizona State University","Benjamin Lee Whorf","British Columbia","Bridge","Blues","Black Sea","Bermuda","The Bronx","Blue law","Liberal Party (UK)","Blind Willie McTell","Battle of Agincourt","Battle of Poitiers","Blackbeard","Beatrix Potter","Bacterial conjugation","Bill Oddie","Braveheart","Battery Park City","Bean","Borneo","Billy Crystal","Balmoral Castle","BBC News (TV channel)","Blue","Battle of the Nile","Battle of Bosworth Field","Beowulf","Buckingham Palace","British and Irish Lions","Bell Labs","History of baseball in the United States","Benny Andersson","Bass guitar","British Airways","Blade Runner","Boolean algebra (structure)","Biochemistry","Butterfly effect","Black","Bobby Charlton","Bing Crosby","Bay of Quinte","Battle","Bordeaux","Bill Walsh (American football coach)","Battle of Blenheim","Bernardino Ochino","Bertrand Russell","Blackjack","Babe Ruth","Antoninus Pius","Alexander I of Scotland","Animism","Ealdred (archbishop of York)","Alemanni","Aga Khan III","APL (programming language)","Algol","Aga Khan I","Alfred Russel Wallace","Anagram","Albertosaurus","Acapulco","Apatosaurus","Alaric I","Alpha decay","Annales school","Allosaurus","Film noir","Surnames by country","History of film","Frank Zappa","Ed Wood","Francis Ford Coppola","Cinema of the United Kingdom","Frank Lloyd Wright","French language","Frisbee","Elizabeth Barrett Browning","E. E. Smith","Edward Waring","Edwin Austin Abbey","Evolutionary psychology","Ecology","English Civil War","Ellis Island","Expressive aphasia","Ecuador\u2013United States relations","Erin Brockovich","Eli Whitney","Evolutionism","Eugenics","Eureka Rebellion","Edward Lear","Edward VI of England","Ennio Morricone","Excommunication","Easter Rising","Educational psychology","Edmund I","Edward Gibbon","Evangelicalism","Enrico Fermi","Essay","Edward Bulwer-Lytton","E. O. Wilson","Electric Light Orchestra","Espionage","Econometrics","England","Edward Sapir","Edward Bellamy","Ethan Allen","Divine right of kings","Erasmus Darwin","Elephant","Endocrinology","Dominican Order","Doubravka of Bohemia","West Memphis Three","Distance education","Dana Plato","Dictum of Kenilworth","Danny Kaye","Dunstan","Dennis Hopper","Felix Bloch","Fighter aircraft","Frederick Douglass","Franklin D. Roosevelt","French fries","Frank Herbert","Field hockey","Fields Medal","Godzilla (1954 film)","Great Pyramid of Giza","Guernsey","Guglielmo Marconi","Great Lakes","History of Guernsey","Godzilla","General Motors","Politics of Gibraltar","Destroy All Monsters","Government Communications Headquarters","Gall\u2013Peters projection","Gasparo Contarini","Gilbert and Sullivan","Galla Placidia","Francis Gary Powers","Goth subculture","Geelong Football Club","George Bernard Shaw","Gotham City","Granville rail disaster","Governor of New South Wales","Charles Goren","Greenwich Village","Gegenschein","George Eliot","Giordano Bruno","Gerrymandering","Gray whale","LGBT social movements","Garden of Eden","Gene Roddenberry","Gunpowder Plot","Howard Hawks","Hydrogen","Helium","History of Europe","Global warming controversy","Fallout shelter","Francis Drake","Fiorello H. La Guardia","First Vatican Council","Fermi paradox","Francis Crick","General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon","Fluorescence","Fat Man","Ford Madox Brown","False Claims Act","Franchising","Fourth Council of Constantinople (Eastern Orthodox)","August Kekulé","Falklands War","United States Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court","Flag of the United States","Female genital mutilation","Follies","Frederick William I of Prussia","Franz Boas","McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle","Guam","George Washington","G. E. Moore","Fridtjof Nansen","Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II","George Orwell","Fred Singer","George Lucas","Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within","Food and Agriculture Organization","Francis Bacon","Federal Bureau of Investigation","Northrop F-5","Premier League","Frank Sinatra","Frank Capra","Wikipedia:Free On-line Dictionary of Computing/E - H","Governor-General of Australia","Grand jury","Gavin MacLeod","Geoffrey Chaucer","Graphic design","Guy Fawkes","George Stephenson","Gregor Mendel","Gas mask","Garnet Bailey","Gerald Gardner (Wiccan)","Gothic fiction","Garrison Keillor","Edward Jenner","E. E. Cummings","Edinburgh","Longest word in English","Electrical telegraph","Emancipation Proclamation","Ernest Rutherford","Young and Innocent","European Economic Community","Electromagnetic radiation","Electronic oscillator","Edward Mitchell Bannister","Edward Elgar","Æthelred the Unready","Elizabeth I of England","Empire","Edmund Burke","Eugene Wigner","Ed Sullivan","Edwin Abbott Abbott","EastEnders","Eric Clapton","Eadgyth","Electromagnetic spectrum","Elliptic-curve cryptography","Expert system","Eleanor of Aquitaine","Empiricism","Kingdom of Essex","Gospel of Mark","Gnosticism","Gerard Manley Hopkins","God Save the Queen","Glorious Revolution","Goitre","G. K. Chesterton","Grover Cleveland","Germanic peoples","Ghost","Gough Whitlam","Garry Trudeau","Great Plague of London","Gettysburg Address","A Song of Ice and Fire","Groucho Marx","Gaudy Night","Graphite","Grandmaster (chess)","Gaia philosophy","Googolplex"],"word":"edward","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7931","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8051","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7923","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7966","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8079","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8083","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8117","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7843","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7770","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7566","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7683","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7668","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7572","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7627","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7716","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7655","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7697","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7638","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7630","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7701","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7527","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7635","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6874","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6883","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7174","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6886","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6881","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6546","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6629","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6576","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6571","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6449","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6340","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6446","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6645","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6611","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6558","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6623","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6585","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6516","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6456","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8718","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7406","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7382","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7235","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7411","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7426","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7272","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7341","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7345","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7299","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7211","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7222","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7398","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7492","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7200","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7203","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7236","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5030","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5180","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5025","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4961","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5233","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5254","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5247","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5035","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5285","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4997","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5261","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5224","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5249","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8618","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8630","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8544","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8662","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8605","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8478","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8695","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8580","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8582","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8470","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8498","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4953","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4849","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4960","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4692","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4868","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4789","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4794","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4820","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4930","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4858","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4730","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4922","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4728","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4854","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4878","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4871","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4691","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6824","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6751","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6788","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6728","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6731","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6690","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6713","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6654","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6827","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6851","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6739","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6710","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6675","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6777","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5698","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5729","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5655","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5584","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5704","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5693","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5716","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5724","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5643","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5700","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5622","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5702","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6130","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6117","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6267","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6258","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6295","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6195","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6310","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6176","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6185","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6279","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6038","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5388","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5416","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5326","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5395","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5489","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5363","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5498","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5469","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5920","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5830","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5771","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5943","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5766","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5786","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5813","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5760","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5959","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5955","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8274","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8166","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8459","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8162","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8397","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8324","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8311","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8222","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8246","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8343","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8436","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8420","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3198","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3029","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3012","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2940","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3333","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3077","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3022","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3019","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3038","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1965","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2065","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2175","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2029","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1950","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2070","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2134","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1973","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2122","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2017","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4248","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4371","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4340","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4356","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4368","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4396","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4312","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=841","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=843","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=980","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=771","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=857","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=852","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=856","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=808","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=868","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=740","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=924","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2715","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2674","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2577","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2639","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2786","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2681","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2717","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4671","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4675","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4688","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1214","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1078","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=981","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1177","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1164","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=984","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1000","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1002","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1208","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1023","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1148","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1016","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1130","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1152","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1203","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2321","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2216","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2444","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2439","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2178","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2257","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2397","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2296","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2274","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2335","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2371","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2310","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2388","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2207","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2176","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=307","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=573","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=303","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=309","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=339","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=736","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=569","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=664","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1677","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1640","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1661","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1805","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1837","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1653","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1623","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1637","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1683","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1627","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1825","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1854","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1790","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1767","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1937","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1859","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3355","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3392","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3397","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3352","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3386","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3460","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3338","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3359","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4482","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4544","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4615","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4503","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4572","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4481","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4460","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4622","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4560","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4580","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4487","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4518","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4649","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4644","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4621","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4543","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4606","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3793","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3833","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3969","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3914","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3712","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3856","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3741","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3916","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3970","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3746","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3959","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3954","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4024","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4035","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4224","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4010","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4204","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4181","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4097","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4166","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4049","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4203","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4163","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3981","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4173","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1256","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1593","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1423","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1583","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1486","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1546","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1451","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1394","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1545","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1494","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1361","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1367","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1446","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1346","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1570","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1267","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1316","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1347","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10802","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10814","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10783","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10672","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10520","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10576","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10793","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10683","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10597","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10687","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9703","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9799","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9732","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9670","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10408","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10245","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10277","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10338","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10350","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10332","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10354","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10310","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10370","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10264","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10374","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10393","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10313","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10484","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10501","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10390","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9316","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9321","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9209","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9333","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9137","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9299","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9279","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9311","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8973","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8798","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8832","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8997","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9048","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8838","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9002","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8958","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8791","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10896","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10929","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11033","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10979","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10885","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10852","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10886","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10859","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12004","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12224","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12166","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12104","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12010","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12167","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11986","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12102","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12081","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11994","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12884","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12990","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12975","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13021","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12835","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12888","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12905","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13007","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12855","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13090","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13064","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12850","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13092","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13011","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12903","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13049","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12963","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12987","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13026","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13070","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13078","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13148","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13159","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13219","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13255","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13256","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13212","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13109","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11493","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11508","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11418","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11390","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11579","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11461","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11642","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11555","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11660","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11460","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11661","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11616","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11644","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11469","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11523","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11404","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11447","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11408","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11668","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11794","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11698","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11715","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11974","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11968","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11959","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11820","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11812","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11891","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11734","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11857","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11242","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11107","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11319","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11127","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11142","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11250","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11181","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11369","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11339","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12601","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12684","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12792","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12787","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12799","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12707","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12578","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12562","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12772","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12556","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12789","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12622","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12743","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9506","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9591","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9602","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9467","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9450","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9515","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9603","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9429","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9578","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9426","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9920","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9997","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10085","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10083","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10128","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10158","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10030","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10101","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9946","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10119","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9995","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10049","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9935","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10134","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9966","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10136","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9962","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10174","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9937","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12490","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12471","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12523","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12334","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12466","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12265","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12333","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12495","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12446","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12514","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12454","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12367","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12286","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12384","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12301","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12426","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12253","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12366","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12304","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12393","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12365"]}
	{"docID":[4545],"text":["German in which BDSM is not only incorporated but integral to the storyline of the play. Although examples of literature catering to BDSM and fetishistic tastes were created in earlier periods BDSM literature as it exists today cannot be found much earlier than World War II. The word Sadism originates"],"title":["BDSM"],"word":"edwarda","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4545"]}
	{"docID":[1583],"text":["former see.\" On his arrival in Rome however charges of simony or the buying of ecclesiastical office and lack of learning were brought against him and his elevation to York was refused by Pope Nicholas II who also deposed him from Worcester. The story of Ealdred being deposed comes from"],"title":["Ealdred (archbishop of York)"],"word":"edwardi","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1583"]}
	{"docID":[2130,4326,3198,4503,8420,7424,5046,5142,5882,5813,11102,11891,10245,10793,9055,10085],"text":["as ugly but just a few decades later Edwardian audiences saw the same sculptures as being beautiful. Evaluations of beauty may well be linked to desirability perhaps even to sexual desirability. Thus judgments of aesthetic value can become linked to judgments of economic political or moral value. In a current","but his schemes always land him back in the trenches. Blackadder is joined by his batman Private S. Baldrick (Tony Robinson) and idealistic Edwardian twit Lieutenant George (Hugh Laurie). General Melchett (Stephen Fry) rallies his troops from a French château thirty-five miles from the front where he is aided and","appealed strongly to late Victorian and Edwardian taste and to many early 20th-century English composers both before and after the First World War. Through their song-settings the poems became closely associated with that era and with Shropshire itself. Housman was one of the foremost classicists of his age and has","French upper-class. The Edwardian phase of the war would end four years later in 1360 on favourable terms for England. The town and battle were often referred to as \"Poictiers\" in contemporaneous recordings a name commemorated in several warships of the Royal Navy. Following the death of Charles IV of","until 2011 when sought out by a group of researchers. The mounted skeletons were laser scanned from which 3-D models were reconstructed which became the basis of a 2016 monograph about the osteology of the dodo. In 2006 explorers discovered a complete skeleton of a dodo in a lava cave","War. Fashions in crochet changed with the end of the Victorian era in the 1890s. Crocheted laces in the new Edwardian era peaking between 1910 and 1920 became even more elaborate in texture and complicated stitching. The strong Victorian colours disappeared though and new publications called for white or pale","which was built here in 1912 work has begun which promises to transform some former shipyard land into \"one of the largest waterfront developments in Europe\". Plans include apartments a riverside entertainment district and a major Titanic-themed museum. The architectural style of Belfast's buildings range from Edwardian like the City","1947. Chaplin denied being a communist instead calling himself a \"peacemonger\" but felt the government's effort to suppress the ideology was an unacceptable infringement of civil liberties. Unwilling to be quiet about the issue he openly protested against the trials of Communist Party members and the activities of the House","such as Casualty Doctor Who and Pobol y Cwm. Cardiff has several regeneration projects such as the St David's 2 Centre and surrounding areas of the city centre and the £1.4 billion International Sports Village in Cardiff Bay which played a part in the London 2012 Olympics. It features the","Philip Pullman's \"His Dark Materials\" and J. K. Rowling's \"Harry Potter\" . Pullman is an atheist and so fierce a critic of Lewis's work as to be dubbed \"the anti-Lewis\". He considers C. S. Lewis a negative influence and has accused Lewis of featuring religious propaganda misogyny racism and emotional","Edwardian science fiction and fantasy (i.e. steampunk). Most of its releases begin with these stories then add background material to explain the settings (often as alternate worlds whose history diverges from our own) adventures and other game material. The base system uses three characteristics (Body Mind and Soul) and a","in newspapers and magazines and in his books of reportage: \"Down and Out in Paris and London\" (describing a period of poverty in these cities) \"The Road to Wigan Pier\" (describing the living conditions of the poor in northern England and class division generally) and \"Homage to Catalonia\". According to","death in 1558 the English","film musical \"Oliver!\" (1968) based on the Charles Dickens novel \"Oliver Twist\". After directing several contributions to the BBC's \"Wednesday Play\" anthology series Ken Loach began his feature film career with the social realist \"Poor Cow\" (1967) and \"Kes\" (1969). Meanwhile the controversy around Peter Watkins \"The War Game\" (1965)","R Us Halfords DW Sports (formerly JJB Sports) Pets at Home Next Home Starbucks McDonald's Tesco Express and M&S Simply Food. In the short period of time that this site has been operational it has quickly grown to become the second largest retail park in Northern Ireland (second only to","composer. In the early 1920s even the First Symphony had only one London performance in more than three years. Henry Wood and younger conductors such as Boult Sargent and Barbirolli championed Elgar's music but in the recording catalogues and the concert programmes of the middle of the century his works"],"title":["Aesthetics","Blackadder","A. E. Housman","Battle of Poitiers","Dodo","Crochet","Belfast","Charlie Chaplin","Cardiff","C. S. Lewis","Forgotten Futures","George Orwell","Edward VI of England","Cinema of the United Kingdom","Derry","Edward Elgar"],"word":"edwardian","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2130","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4326","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3198","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4503","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8420","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7424","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5046","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5142","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5813","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11102","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11891","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10245","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10793","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9055","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10085"]}
	{"docID":[6736],"text":["\"Canis edwardii\" clearly identifiable as a wolf and \"Canis rufus\" appeared possibly a direct descendent of \"Canis edwardii\". Around 0.8 Mya \"Canis ambrusteri\" emerged in North America. A large wolf it was found all over North and Central America and was eventually supplanted by its descendant the dire wolf which"],"title":["Canidae"],"word":"edwardii","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6736"]}
	{"docID":[6942],"text":["named and her great-great-grandmother Philippa of Lancaster were both daughters of John of Gaunt and granddaughters of Edward III of England. Consequently she was third cousin of her father-in-law Henry VII of England and fourth cousin of her mother-in-law Elizabeth of York. Catherine was educated by a tutor Alessandro Geraldini who"],"title":["Catherine of Aragon"],"word":"edwardiii","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942"]}
	{"docID":[2257],"text":["was taken to maintain the unbroken sequence of episcopal consecrations particularly in the case of Matthew Parker who was consecrated Archbishop of Canterbury in 1559 by two bishops who had been ordained in the 1530s with the Roman Pontifical and two ordained with the Edwardine Ordinal of 1550 apostolic succession"],"title":["Apostolic succession"],"word":"edwardin","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2257"]}
	{"docID":[10245],"text":["a reforming administration obligatory; his succession was managed by the reforming faction who continued in power throughout his reign. The man Edward trusted most Thomas Cranmer Archbishop of Canterbury introduced a series of religious reforms that revolutionised the English church from one that\u2014while rejecting papal supremacy\u2014remained essentially Catholic to one"],"title":["Edward VI of England"],"word":"edwardnot","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10245"]}
	{"docID":[13159,12990,8731,8420],"text":["discovery had evaded capture) wrote an account called \"What was the Gunpowder Plot?\" alleging Salisbury's culpability. This prompted a refutation later that year by Samuel Gardiner who argued that Gerard had gone too far in trying to \"wipe away the reproach\" which the plot had exacted on generations of English","his own eponymous projection disparaging the Mercator and recommending his projection as \"the\" solution. Peters's projection differed from Edwards's only in height-to-width ratio. More problematic Peters's projection was identical to one that was already over a century old though he probably did not realize it. That projection\u2014Gall's orthographic\u2014passed unnoticed when","Killing of a Chinese Bookie\" and Blake Edwards's \"Darling Lili\" changes made to a director's cut result in a shorter more compact cut. This generally happens when a distributor insists that a film be completed in order to meet a release date but sometimes it is the result of removing","Roelant Savery was the most prolific and influential illustrator of the dodo having made at least ten depictions often showing it in the lower corners. A famous painting of his from 1626 now called \"Edwards's Dodo\" as it was once owned by the ornithologist George Edwards has since become the"],"title":["Gunpowder Plot","Gall\u2013Peters projection","Director's cut","Dodo"],"word":"edwardss","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13159","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12990","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8731","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8420"]}
	{"docID":[4031],"text":["the meeting of the International Union of Architects in Paris which was in his own words devoted to \"applying the principles of science to solving the problems of humanity.\" Later in his SIU tenure Fuller was also a visiting professor at SIU Edwardsville where he designed the dome for the"],"title":["Buckminster Fuller"],"word":"edwardsvil","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4031"]}
	{"docID":[5955],"text":["under Edward VI's regents before a brief restoration of papal authority under Queen Mary I and King Philip. The Act of Supremacy 1558 renewed the breach and the Elizabethan Settlement charted a course enabling the English church to describe itself as both catholic and reformed: In the earlier phase of the"],"title":["Church of England"],"word":"edwardvi","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5955"]}
	{"docID":[3969],"text":["or lounge suits; a minority wear morning coats and in the evening depending on the formality of the occasion black tie or white tie. Débutantes were aristocratic young ladies making their first entrée into society through presentation to the monarch at court. These occasions known as \"coming out\" took place"],"title":["Buckingham Palace"],"word":"edwardvii","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3969"]}
	{"docID":[3969],"text":["Soane. A second corridor in the suite has Gothic-influenced cross-over vaulting. The Belgian Rooms themselves were decorated in their present style and named after Prince Albert's uncle Léopold I first King of the Belgians. In 1936 the suite briefly became the private apartments of the palace when they were occupied by"],"title":["Buckingham Palace"],"word":"edwardviii","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3969"]}
	{"docID":[4157,9855],"text":["\"Poets & Writers Magazine\" Brown was ranked 4th in the country 3rd for selectivity and 1st in the Ivy League. The \"Forbes\" magazine annual ranking of \"America's Top Colleges 2016\"\u2014which differs from the \"U.S. News\" by putting research universities and liberal arts colleges in a single sequence\u2014ranked Brown 8th overall.","or economic reasons. These writers"],"title":["Brown University","Exile"],"word":"edwidg","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4157","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855"]}
	{"docID":[10787],"text":["Emperor\" winner of 9 Oscars and \"Once Upon a Time in America\" of Sergio Leone came out of this period also. During this time commedia sexy all'italiana films described as \"trash films\" were popular in Italy. These comedy films were of little artistic value and reached their popularity by confronting"],"title":["Cinema of Italy"],"word":"edwig","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10787"]}
	{"docID":[10683,10783,10511,10775,10778,9700,9792,9736,9737,10315,10489,10357,12272,10119,10018,9920,9515,9506,12622,12558,12939,12850,13017,12924,11660,11672,11561,11971,11127,10835,10858,11001,11101,10861,13253,13120,8783,8875,8781,4041,4031,4218,4116,4644,359,663,736,674,307,339,593,1140,1210,1192,1183,1488,1583,1395,3338,2273,2308,4339,4382,2122,2088,809,874,1624,3916,5884,5786,5921,5768,8420,8418,8398,8192,8459,4820,4789,4692,4792,4849,4890,5626,6824,6777,5378,5412,5387,5382,6310,6195,6138,8579,7712,7801,7406,7327,8005,8060,7888,7966,7043,6938,6883,6907,5176],"text":["house for Aline Barnsdall the Community Playhouse (\"Little Dipper\") which was never constructed. Wright's son Lloyd Wright supervised construction for the Storer Freeman and Ennis Houses. Architectural historian Thomas Hines has suggested that Lloyd's contribution to these projects is often overlooked. Local gossips noticed Wright's flirtations and he developed a","Empire Theatre in London. This film is the earliest known example of stop-motion animation. Little puppets constructed of matchsticks are writing the appeal on a black wall. Their movements are filmed frame by frame movement by movement. The relative sophistication of this piece was not followed up for some time","medical records show that epilepsy has been affecting people at least since the beginning of recorded history. Throughout ancient history the disease was thought to be a spiritual condition. The world's oldest description of an epileptic seizure comes from a text in Akkadian (a language used in ancient Mesopotamia) and","then took up all these ideas including the American Edwin S. Porter who started making films for the Edison Company in 1901. Porter worked on a number of minor films before making \"Life of an American Fireman\" in 1903. The film was the first American film with a plot featuring","of pop-soul \u2013 adopted this new psychedelic sound towards the end of the 1960s as well. Their producer Norman Whitfield became an innovator in the field of psychedelic soul creating hits with a newer funkier sound for many Motown acts including \"War\" by Edwin Starr \"Smiling Faces Sometimes\" by the","in 1990 and the Abbey studios also host the BSR's other fine art residencies such as the Derek Hill Foundation Scholarship and the Sainsbury Scholarship in Painting and Drawing. A bust of Edwin","failed to test an Air Force Astronaut Maneuvering Unit which included a self-contained oxygen system. On November 13 1966 Edwin \"Buzz\" Aldrin became the first to successfully work in space without tiring on the Gemini 12 last flight. Aldrin worked outside the spacecraft for 2 hours and 6 minutes in","Environment Award for 2010. The final stage of the building was the installation of a hollow mast a steel shaft fitted with elevators and utilities above the 86th floor. At the top would be a conical roof and the 102nd-floor docking station. The elevators would ascend from the 86th floor","the term has included the avoidance of inbreeding without altering allele frequencies; for example J. B. S. Haldane wrote that \"the motor bus by breaking up inbred village communities was a powerful eugenic agent.\" Debate as to what exactly counts as eugenics continues today. Edwin Black journalist and author of","Edwin Howard Armstrong (December 18 1890 \u2013 January 31 1954) was an American electrical engineer and inventor best known for developing FM (frequency modulation) radio and the superheterodyne receiver system. He held 42 patents and received numerous awards including the first Medal of Honor awarded by the Institute of Radio","Edwin Powell Hubble (November 20 1889 \u2013 September 28 1953) was an American astronomer. He played a crucial role in establishing the fields of extragalactic astronomy and observational cosmology and is regarded as one of the most important astronomers of all time. Hubble discovered that many objects previously thought to","single term as mayor in 1908. The family business was a hardware manufacturing firm which had its origins in a coachbuilding firm established in 1858 by Page's maternal grandfather Edwin Cox. His other grandfather James Page arrived in Grafton in 1855 serving as the town's first schoolmaster and first town","\"inherence interpretation of Berkeley\" upon which Edwin E. Allaire among others elaborated \u201cThat account is put forward to answer an extremely perplexing question in the history of philosophy: Why did Berkeley embrace idealism i. e. why did he hold that esse est percipi that to be is to be perceived?","of the novella \"Flatland\" (1884). Edwin Abbott Abbott was the eldest son of Edwin Abbott (1808\u20131882) headmaster of the Philological School Marylebone and his wife Jane Abbott (1806\u20131882). His parents were first cousins. He was educated at the City of London School and at St John's College Cambridge where he","further debugged to do the right things. After programs could be expected to both run and do the right things with little or no debugging. Before it was common wisdom that no sizable program could be error-free. After many sizable programs have run a year or more with no errors","of the oscillator. In the summer of 1912 Edwin Armstrong observed oscillations in audion radio receiver circuits and went on to use positive feedback in his invention of the regenerative receiver. German Alexander Meissner independently discovered positive feedback and invented oscillators in March 1913. Irving Langmuir at General Electric observed","in 1860. Lincoln first discussed the proclamation with his cabinet in July 1862. He drafted his \"preliminary proclamation\" and read it to Secretary of State William Seward and Secretary of Navy Gideon Welles on July 13. Seward and Welles were at first speechless then Seward referred to possible anarchy throughout","Research Center","shifting them to a more modern period and an urban setting including \"Oliver Twist\" (1837\u20138) \"Bleak House\" (1854) (Mighall 2003) and \"Great Expectations\" (1860\u201361). These pointed to the juxtaposition of wealthy ordered and affluent civilisation next to the disorder and barbarity of the poor within the same metropolis. Bleak House","the dust clouds in the Milky Way as well as the significant Doppler shift. In 1922 the Estonian astronomer Ernst Öpik gave a distance determination that supported the theory that the Andromeda Nebula is indeed a distant extra-galactic object. Using the new 100 inch Mt. Wilson telescope Edwin Hubble was able","adopted it as their geometrical toolkit of choice particularly following the influential 1901 textbook \"Vector Analysis\" by Edwin Bidwell Wilson following lectures of Gibbs. In more detail there have been three approaches to geometric algebra: quaternionic analysis initiated by Hamilton in 1843 and geometrized as rotors by Clifford in 1878;","in 1881 the NSW Government purchased for £6000 a property known as \"Prospect\" that had been built by Robert Pemberton Richardson (of the firm Richardson & Wrench). This was renamed \"Hillview\" and became the primary summer governor's residence from 1885 to 1957. In 1957 seen as unnecessary and expensive Hillview","published the first of several papers on relativity in which he derived the mass-energy relationship in a different way from Albert Einstein's derivation. In 1909 he and Richard C. Tolman combined his methods with special relativity. In 1912 Lewis and Edwin Bidwell Wilson presented a major work in mathematical physics","that emerged in Britain at the beginning of the 20th century is usually referred to as Neo-Georgian; the work of Edwin Lutyens includes many examples. Versions of the Neo-Georgian style were commonly used in Britain for certain types of urban architecture until the late 1950s Bradshaw Gass & Hope's Police","Thompson was skeptical that an implosion could be made sufficiently symmetric. Oppenheimer arranged for Neddermeyer and Edwin McMillan to visit the National Defense Research Committee's Explosives Research Laboratory near the laboratories of the Bureau of Mines in Bruceton Pennsylvania (a Pittsburgh suburb) where they spoke to George Kistiakowsky and his","to some extent. Concerning the term John K. Fairbank and Edwin O. Reischauer professors of East Asian Studies at Harvard University wrote (in \"East Asia: The Great Tradition\"): \"When Europeans traveled far to the east to reach Cathay Japan and the Indies they naturally gave those distant regions the general","custom and would understand the joke that the stocking might be missed as \"Santa Claus wouldn't be looking for anything half so small.\" On the other hand when \"The Preston Guardian\" published its poem \"Santa Claus and the Children\" in 1877 it felt the need to include a long preface","Edwin Hubble created the first galaxy classification scheme known as the Hubble tuning-fork diagram. It partitioned galaxies into ellipticals normal spirals barred spirals (such as the Milky Way) and irregulars. These galaxy types exhibit the following properties which can be explained by current galaxy evolution theories: There is a common","activities of its early decades included a decisive role in reducing the scope and influence of the Ku Klux Klan. Additionally through the work of Edwin Atherton the BOI claimed success in apprehending an entire army of Mexican neo-revolutionaries under the leadership of General Enrique Estrada in the mid-1920s east","as FM synthesis was popularized by early digital synthesizers and became a standard feature in several generations of personal computer sound cards. Edwin Howard Armstrong (1890\u20131954) was an American electrical engineer who invented wideband frequency modulation (FM) radio. He patented the regenerative circuit in 1914 the superheterodyne receiver in 1918","his work in which the legal system is often oppressive. The law in Kafka's works rather than being representative of any particular legal or political entity is usually interpreted to represent a collection of anonymous incomprehensible forces. These are hidden from the individual but control the lives of the people","were surprised that such a notable astronomer missed out. Fowler himself in an autobiographical sketch affirmed Hoyle's pioneering efforts: While having no argument with the Lemaître theory (later confirmed by Edwin Hubble's observations) that the universe was expanding Hoyle disagreed on its interpretation. He found the idea that the universe","Scotland beginning in 1974 and in the mid-1970s \"Back Door Man\". In the post-punk era several well-written fanzines emerged that cast an almost academic look at earlier neglected musical forms including Mike Stax' \"Ugly Things\" Billy Miller and Miriam Linna's \"Kicks\" Jake Austen's \"Roctober\" Kim Cooper's \"Scram\" P. Edwin Letcher's","language translation by Willa and Edwin Muir was published in 1937. In 1999 the book was listed in \"Le Monde\"'s 100 Books of the Century and as No. 2 of the Best German Novels of the Twentieth Century. On his thirtieth birthday the chief cashier of a bank Josef K. is","sympathetic investigations with their immediacy and unswerving eye for detail offered unprecedented insights into the condition of the Victorian poor. Alongside the earlier work of Edwin Chadwick they are also regarded as a decisive influence on the thinking of Charles Dickens. Mayhew's work inspired the script of director Christine Edzard's","U.S. National Historic Landmark. In addition to plutonium he is credited as a lead discoverer of americium curium and berkelium and as a co-discoverer of californium einsteinium fermium mendelevium nobelium and seaborgium. He shared the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1951 with Edwin McMillan for \"their discoveries in the chemistry","\"the sort of bomb that bursts no more than once in three years\". The volume was critically acclaimed and won a contest run by the \"Sunday Referee\" netting him new admirers from the London poetry world including Edith Sitwell and Edwin Muir. The anthology was published by Fortune Press in","on the last years of Charles Dickens' life leading up to the writing of \"The Mystery of Edwin Drood\" which Dickens had partially completed at the time of his death. \"The Terror\" (2007) crosses the bridge between horror and historical fiction. It is a fictionalized account of Captain John Franklin's","two years at \"Vogue\". In 1917 she met and married a Wall Street stockbroker Edwin Pond Parker II (1893\u20131933) but they were separated by his army service in World War I. She had ambivalent feelings about her Jewish heritage given the strong antisemitism of that era and joked that she","the Anglo-Saxons. The second book begins with the death of Gregory the Great in 604 and follows the further progress of Christianity in Kent and the first attempts to evangelise Northumbria. These ended in disaster when Penda the pagan king of Mercia killed the newly Christian Edwin of Northumbria at","future store display. They created the term utilizing three words that Fuller used repeatedly to describe his design \u2013 dynamic maximum and tension. Fuller also helped to popularize the concept of Spaceship Earth: \"The most important fact about Spaceship Earth: an instruction manual didn't come with it.\" His concepts and","J. Russell Commander of SAC's 822d Air Division at Turner AFB to the Air Proving Ground Center Commander Brigadier General Robert H. Warren who in turn presented the bomber to Valparaiso Florida Mayor Randall Roberts on behalf of the Niceville-Valparaiso Chamber of Commerce. Four of the original Tokyo Raiders were","equations from Albert Einstein's equations of general relativity showing that the universe might be expanding in contrast to the static universe model advocated by Einstein at that time. In 1924 Edwin Hubble's measurement of the great distance to the nearest spiral nebulae showed that these systems were indeed other galaxies.","described their life at Balmoral as resembling that of gentry rather than royalty. Victoria began a policy of commissioning artists to record Balmoral its surroundings and its staff. Over the years numerous painters were employed at Balmoral including Edwin and Charles Landseer Carl Haag William Wyld and William Henry Fisk.","Edwin \"Eddie\" Willers is the Special Assistant to the Vice-President in Charge of Operations at Taggart Transcontinental. His father and grandfather worked for the Taggarts and himself likewise. He is completely loyal to Dagny and to Taggart Transcontinental. Willers does not possess the creative ability of Galt's associates but matches","of flight engineer responsible for monitoring all spacecraft systems even if the flight didn't include a Lunar Module. Edwin \"Buzz\" Aldrin was originally the backup LMP. When Lovell was rotated to the prime crew no one with experience on CSM-103 (the specific spacecraft used for the mission) was available so","would be invariant under general linear transformations only. In June 1913 the Entwurf (\"draft\") theory was the result of these investigations. As its name suggests it was a sketch of a theory less elegant and more difficult than general relativity with the equations of motion supplemented by additional gauge fixing","organ. In 1600 BCE the Edwin Smith Papyrus an Ancient Egyptian medical text described the heart its vessels liver spleen kidneys hypothalamus uterus and bladder and showed the blood vessels diverging from the heart. The Ebers Papyrus (c. 1550 BCE) features a \"treatise on the heart\" with vessels carrying all","policy Lincoln's main goal was to stop military aid from countries abroad to the Confederacy. Lincoln left most diplomatic matters to his Secretary of State William Seward. At times Seward was too bellicose so for balance Lincoln stuck a close working relationship with Senator Charles Sumner the chairman of the","only three such articles appeared during the rest of the 1970s. Since Rand's death interest in her work has gradually increased. Historian Jennifer Burns has identified \"three overlapping waves\" of scholarly interest in Rand the most recent of which is \"an explosion of scholarship\" since the year 2000. However few","rotoscoping technique). Some early filmmakers including J. Stuart Blackton Arthur Melbourne-Cooper Segundo de Chomón and Edwin S. Porter experimented with stop-motion animation possibly since around 1899. Blackton's \"The Haunted Hotel\" (1907) was the first huge success that baffled audiences with objects apparently moving by themselves and inspired other filmmakers to","tube invented in 1906 by Lee De Forest solved these problems. The vacuum tube feedback oscillator invented in 1912 by Edwin Armstrong and Alexander Meissner was a cheap source of continuous waves and could be easily modulated to make an AM transmitter. Modulation did not have to be done at","but with the additional note that in the Greek text the grammatical agreement is between \"myriads\" (not \"stadia\") on the one hand and both \"400\" and \"\" on the other as in Greek unlike English all three (or all four if one were to include \"stadia\") words are inflected. This","of 20th-century art is also firmly rooted","downloads. In June 2007 a new publishing company headed by Edwin Voskamp and Eric Todd was formed with the express purpose of bringing \"Amber DRPG\" back into print. The new company is named \"Diceless by Design\". In May 2010 \"Rite Publishing\" secured a license from Diceless by Design to use","York Curb Market Association which can be considered the first formal constitution of American Stock Exchange. In 1920 journalist Edwin C. Hill wrote that the curb exchange on lower Broad Street was a roaring swirling whirlpool\u201d that \"tears control of a gold-mine from an unlucky operator then pauses to auction","William's coronation ceremony was that before the actual crowning Ealdred asked the assembled crowd in English if it was their wish that William be crowned king. The Bishop of Coutances then did the same but in Norman French. In March 1067 William took Ealdred with him when William returned to","became the standard form of the song in American churches. With the advent of recorded music and radio \"Amazing Grace\" began to cross over from primarily a gospel standard to secular audiences. The ability to record combined with the marketing of records to specific audiences allowed \"Amazing Grace\" to take","50000-watt station broadcasting from Fordham University's Rose Hill campus in the Bronx. The radio station's antenna is atop an apartment building owned by Montefiore Medical Center. The City of New York has an official television station run by the NYC Media Group and broadcasting from Bronx Community College and Cablevision","Boer resigned as Ajax head coach in May 2016. Peter Bosz took over the club and led them to the 2017 UEFA Europa League final their first European final in 21 years. Although they lost to Manchester United the lineup they fielded was the youngest ever in a European final","Maddock and his co-workers in the U.K. isolated 130 grams of protactinium from 60 tonnes of waste left after extraction of uranium from its ore. Neptunium (named for the planet Neptune the next planet out from Uranus after which uranium was named) was discovered by Edwin McMillan and Philip H. Abelson","at all during the team's early years. The origin of the nickname appears to be a poem entitled \"The Pilgrims At Home\" written by Edwin Fitzwilliam that was sung at the 1907 home opener (\"Rory O'More\" melody). This nickname was commonly used during that season perhaps because the team had","king Xerxes I (reigned 486\u2013465 BC). The author also displays an accurate knowledge of Persian customs and palaces. However according to Coogan considerable historical inaccuracies remain throughout the text supporting the view that the book of Esther is to be read as a historical novella which tells a story describing","influenced by astrology is the orchestral suite \"The Planets\". Written by the British composer Gustav Holst (1874\u20131934) and first performed in 1918 the framework of \"The Planets\" is based upon the astrological symbolism of the planets. Each of the seven movements of","as high a level of speech abilities as those with mild forms of aphasia. The first recorded case of aphasia is from an Egyptian papyrus the Edwin Smith Papyrus which details speech problems in a person with a traumatic brain injury to the temporal lobe. During the second half of","a certain R. Edwin. Edwin described a \"tiger\" being crushed and killed by an anaconda when in fact tigers never occurred in Sri Lanka. Yule and Frank Wall noted that the snake was in fact a python and suggested a Tamil origin \"anai-kondra\" meaning elephant killer. A Sinhalese origin was","medicine and mathematics ancient Egypt achieved a relatively high standard of productivity and sophistication. Traditional empiricism as evidenced by the Edwin Smith and Ebers papyri (c. 1600 BC) is first credited to Egypt. The Egyptians created their own alphabet and decimal system. Even before the Old Kingdom the ancient Egyptians had","could have pocket vetoed the First Reconstruction Act as it was presented to him less than ten days before the end of the Thirty-Ninth Congress he chose to veto it directly on March 2 1867; Congress overruled him the same day. Also on March 2 Congress passed the Tenure of","slightly). Fretless players can also play microtones or temperaments other than equal temperament such as just intonation. While fretless basses are often associated with jazz and jazz fusion bassists from other genres have used fretless basses such as Freebo (country) Rick Danko (rock/blues) Rod Clements (folk) Steve DiGiorgio (metal) and","series of \"farewell readings\" in England Scotland and Ireland beginning on 6 October. He managed of a contracted 100 readings to deliver 75 in the provinces with a further 12 in London. As he pressed on he was affected by giddiness and fits of paralysis. He suffered a stroke on","the WAC Corporal which was the first U.S. rocket to reach the edge of space Jack Parsons a pioneer in the development of liquid and solid rocket fuels who designed the first castable composite-based rocket motor and Qian Xuesen who was dubbed the \"Father of Chinese Rocketry\". More recently Michael","within a reasonable range the colors in the scene appear relatively constant to us. This was studied by Edwin Land in the 1970s and led to his retinex theory of color constancy. Both phenomena are readily explained and mathematically modeled with modern theories of chromatic adaptation and color appearance (e.g.","to the texts of Catullus. \"Carmina Catulli\" is a song cycle arranged from 17 of Catullus' poems by American composer Michael Linton. The cycle was recorded in December 2013 and premiered at Carnegie Hall's Weill Recital Hall in March 2014 by French baritone Edwin Crossley-Mercer and pianist Jason Paul Peterson.","English naturalists Hugh Edwin Strickland and Alexander Gordon Melville in their 1848 monograph \"The Dodo and Its Kindred\" which attempted to separate myth from reality. After dissecting the preserved head and foot of the specimen at the Oxford University Museum and comparing it with the few remains then available of","\"Horton Hears a Who!\" and \"Despicable Me\" and the title character of \"Mister Rogers' Neighborhood\" Fred Rogers. Other notable film and television figures include Sarah Wayne Callies (\"Prison Break\") Emmy Award winner Michael Moriarty Andrew Shue of \"Melrose Place\" Aisha Tyler of \"Friends\" and \"24\" Connie Britton of \"Spin City\"","starting point for those just starting to investigate such matters is the 1884 novella \"Flatland\" by Edwin A. Abbott. Isaac Asimov in his foreword to the Signet Classics 1984 edition described \"Flatland\" as \"The best introduction one can find into the manner of perceiving dimensions.\" The idea of other dimensions","these mysteries to identify the murderer. Dickens also left a novel unfinished at his death \"The Mystery of Edwin Drood\". Dickens's protégé Wilkie Collins (1824\u20131889)\u2014sometimes referred to as the \"grandfather of English detective fiction\"\u2014is credited with the first great mystery novel \"The Woman in White\". T. S. Eliot called Collins's","boy and a girl born one month after Edwin's death. His mother struggled to support the family but even with her best effort some of her children had to be sent off to work for their room and board. Dwight too was sent off where he received cornmeal porridge and","commitment that nothing should be done which might prejudice the rights of the Jewish communities in other countries outside of Palestine. The original drafts of Rothschild Balfour and Milner did not include this safeguard which was drafted together with the preceding safeguard in early October in order to reflect opposition","be taken. Rawlinson along with several other scholars most notably Edward Hincks Julius Oppert William Henry Fox Talbot and Edwin Norris either working separately or in collaboration eventually deciphered these inscriptions leading eventually to the ability to read them completely. The translation of the Old Persian sections of the Behistun","and was accompanied by Lt. Doherty to the War Department in Washington D.C. to be court martialed. When questioned by Edwin Stanton about Booth's capture and shooting both Doherty and Corbett agreed that Corbett had in fact disobeyed orders not to shoot. However Corbett maintained that he believed Booth had","officials following Goldwater's critical stance on the Eisenhower administration even an Army General. \"Fulbright's startling revelation that military personnel were being indoctrinated with the idea that the policies of the Commander in Chief were treasonous dovetailed with the return to the news of the strange case of General Edwin Walker.\"","common definition of \"decisive victory\" is intended\u2014an indisputable military victory of a battle that determines or significantly influences the ultimate result of a conflict\u2014historians are divided. For example David J. Eicher called Gettysburg a \"strategic loss for the Confederacy\" and James M. McPherson wrote that \"Lee and his men would","quest of statistical theorists from Laplace to John Maynard Keynes Harold Jeffreys and Edwin Thompson Jaynes. These theorists and their successors have suggested several methods for constructing \"objective\" priors (Unfortunately it is not clear how to assess the relative \"objectivity\" of the priors proposed under these methods): Each of these","Popular names in the discipline of psychology include George A. Miller James McClelland Philip Johnson-Laird and Steven Pinker. Anthropologists Dan Sperber Edwin Hutchins and Scott Atran have been involved in collaborative projects with cognitive and social psychologists political scientists and evolutionary biologists in attempts to develop general theories of culture","atmospheres of Venus and Jupiter as well as seasonal changes on Mars. He also perceived global warming as a growing man-made danger and likened it to the natural development of Venus into a hot life-hostile planet through a kind of runaway greenhouse effect. Sagan and his Cornell colleague Edwin Ernest","wire-frame imagery which featured a computer-animated hand and face both created by University of Utah graduates Edwin Catmull and Fred Parke. This imagery originally appeared in their student film \"A Computer Animated Hand\" which they completed in 1972. Developments in CGI technologies are reported each year at SIGGRAPH an annual","the Big Bang. In 1929 Edwin Hubble provided an observational basis for Lemaître's theory. Hubble showed that the spiral nebulae were galaxies by determining their distances using measurements of the brightness of Cepheid variable stars. He discovered a relationship between the redshift of a galaxy and its distance. He interpreted","Contra Dancers formed by Edwin Loyal Larkin in 1934. The group he founded is still performing teaching the dances and holding monthly open house dances in Tunbridge VT. By then early dance camps retreats and weekends had emerged such as Pinewoods Camp in Plymouth Massachusetts which became primarily a music","William Shockley developed the first semiconductor-based transistor heralding a revolution in electronics. In 1879 Edwin Herbert Hall working at the Johns Hopkins University discovered a voltage developing across conductors transverse to an electric current in the conductor and magnetic field perpendicular to the current. This phenomenon arising due to the","and development of inflationary cosmology. Around 1930 Edwin Hubble discovered that light from remote galaxies was redshifted; the more remote the more shifted. This was quickly interpreted as meaning galaxies were receding from earth. If earth is not in some special privileged central position in the universe then it would","at Columbia include former U.S President Barack Obama Associate Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court Ruth Bader Ginsburg former U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright former chairman of the U.S. Federal Reserve Bank Alan Greenspan U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder and U.S. Solicitor General Donald Verrilli Jr. Dwight D. Eisenhower","support for American involvement in World War I. The issue of the war proved divisive especially among Irish and German Americans. Coolidge was elected by a margin of 16773 votes over his opponent Richard H. Long in the smallest margin of victory of any of his statewide campaigns. In 1919","using Reidemeister torsion. The manifold version is true in dimensions . The cases were proved by Tibor Radó and Edwin E. Moise in the 1920s and 1950s respectively. In mathematics the Weil conjectures were some highly influential proposals by on the generating functions (known as local zeta-functions) derived from counting","seemed inevitable. All that was required was one win in the final five games of the season which included three games against the Royals whom the Tigers had manhandled much of the season. However the Tigers lost all five games to finish 95\u201367 and the division title went to the","Finnish victory from 26 July to 13 August 1944. The struggle to contain the Soviet offensive was exhausting Finnish resources. The German support under the Ryti-Ribbentrop Agreement had prevented a disaster but it was believed the country would not be able to hold another major attack. The Soviet advances against","Jean Lave (situated learning) and Edwin Hutchins (distributed cognition). The book's second part contained an extensive analysis on the modern state's institutionalized forms of \"classroom learning\" as the cultural\u2013historical context that shapes much of modern learning and socialization. In this analysis he heavily drew upon Michel Foucault's Discipline and Punish.","major landowners such as Earl Edwin of Mercia their properties confiscated and redistributed amongst Norman barons. William I made Cheshire a county palatine and gave Gerbod the Fleming the new title of Earl of Chester. When Gerbod returned to Normandy in about 1070 the king used his absence to declare","galaxy. Edwin Hubble showed that our galaxy is just one of many galaxies in the universe. Examination of our galaxy's position and motion in the universe led to the Big Bang theory and the whole of modern cosmology. Recent and planned tests relevant to the cosmological and Copernican principles include:","infections and loose teeth are spread throughout the Ebers Papyrus Kahun Papyri Brugsch Papyrus and Hearst papyrus of Ancient Egypt. The Edwin Smith Papyrus written in the 17th century BC but which may reflect previous manuscripts from as early as 3000 BC discusses the treatment of dislocated or fractured jaws.","and the Order of Cristóbal Colón. De la Renta died of complications from cancer on October 20 2014. Some of the Dominican Republic's important symbols are the flag the coat of arms and the national anthem titled \"Himno Nacional\". The flag has a large white cross that divides it into","playwright traveled to New York in an attempt to sell a script to Edison Studios producer Edwin Porter. Porter rejected Griffith's script but gave him an acting part in \"Rescued from an Eagle's Nest\" instead. Finding this attractive Griffith began exploring a career as a motion picture actor. In 1908","Storm\" musical programming format and subgenre of R&B. It contained the disco hit \"Baby That's Backatcha\". Other Motown artists who scored disco hits include: Robinson's former group the Miracles with \"Love Machine\" (1975) Eddie Kendricks with \"Keep On Truckin'\" (1973) the Originals with \"Down to Love Town\" (1976) and Thelma","possible to collate chemical formulas into what is known as Hill system order. The Hill system was first published by Edwin A. Hill of the United States Patent and Trademark Office in 1900. It is the most commonly used system in chemical databases and printed indexes to sort lists of","was intended for \"the Upper Columns in the Gallery of the Entrance of the Chamber of the Senate\" (United States Capitol exhibit). Edwin Lutyens who from 1912 laid out New Delhi as the new seat of government for the British Empire in India designed a Delhi Order having a capital","the River Thames at Wallingford pillaging the land as he went. Rather than continuing the war Edgar the Ætheling Edwin of Mercia and Morcar of Northumbria surrendered at Berkhamsted. William granted the citizens of London a charter in 1075; the City was one of a few examples of the English","mainstream yoga. According to Edwin Bryant and other scholars the goals of classical yoga such as spiritual liberation (freedom self-knowledge moksha) is \"attained entirely differently in classical yoga and the \"cakra / nadi / kundalini\" physiology is completely peripheral to it.\" The classical eastern traditions particularly those that developed in","often led to correct results. This led Abraham Robinson to investigate if it were possible to develop a number system with infinitesimal quantities over which the theorems of calculus were still valid. In 1960 building upon the work of Edwin Hewitt and Jerzy Łoś he succeeded in developing non-standard analysis."],"title":["Frank Lloyd Wright","History of film","Epilepsy","Film editing","Funk","Edwin Austin Abbey","Extravehicular activity","Empire State Building","Eugenics","Edwin Howard Armstrong","Edwin Hubble","Earle Page","George Pappas","Edwin Abbott Abbott","Edsger W. Dijkstra","Electronic oscillator","Emancipation Proclamation","Edward Jenner","Gothic fiction","Galaxy","Geometric algebra","Governor of New South Wales","Gilbert N. Lewis","Georgian architecture","Fat Man","Far East","Father Christmas","Galaxy formation and evolution","Federal Bureau of Investigation","Frequency modulation","Franz Kafka","Fred Hoyle","Fanzine","The Trial","Henry Mayhew","Glenn T. Seaborg","Dylan Thomas","Dan Simmons","Dorothy Parker","Bede","Buckminster Fuller","North American B-25 Mitchell","Big Bang","Balmoral Castle","List of Atlas Shrugged characters","Apollo 8","Albert Einstein","Anatomy","Abraham Lincoln","Ayn Rand","Animation","Amplitude modulation","Astronomical unit","Artistic revolution","Amber Diceless Roleplaying Game","NYSE American","Ealdred (archbishop of York)","Amazing Grace","The Bronx","AFC Ajax","Actinide","Boston Red Sox","Book of Esther","Astrology","Aphasia","Anaconda","Ancient Egypt","Andrew Johnson","Bass guitar","Charles Dickens","California Institute of Technology","Color","Catullus","Dodo","Dartmouth College","Dimension","Detective fiction","Dwight L. Moody","Balfour Declaration","Behistun Inscription","Boston Corbett","Barry Goldwater","Battle of Gettysburg","Bayesian probability","Cognitive science","Carl Sagan","Computer animation","Physical cosmology","Contra dance","Condensed matter physics","Inflation (cosmology)","Columbia University","Calvin Coolidge","Conjecture","Detroit Tigers","Continuation War","Critical psychology","Cheshire","Copernican principle","Dentistry","Dominican Republic","D. W. Griffith","Disco","Chemical formula","Classical order","City of London","Chakra","Calculus"],"word":"edwin","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10683","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10783","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10511","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10775","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10778","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10315","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10489","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10357","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12272","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10119","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10018","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9920","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9515","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9506","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12622","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12558","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12939","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12850","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13017","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12924","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11660","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11672","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11561","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11971","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11127","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10835","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10858","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11001","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11101","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10861","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13253","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13120","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8783","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8875","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8781","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4041","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4031","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4218","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4116","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4644","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=359","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=663","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=736","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=674","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=307","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=339","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=593","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1140","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1210","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1192","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1183","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1488","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1583","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1395","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3338","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2273","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2308","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4339","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4382","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2122","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2088","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=809","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=874","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1624","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3916","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5786","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5921","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5768","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8420","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8418","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8398","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8192","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8459","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4820","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4789","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4692","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4792","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4849","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4890","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5626","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6824","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6777","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5378","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5412","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5387","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5382","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6310","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6195","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6138","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8579","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7712","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7801","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7406","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7327","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8005","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8060","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7888","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7966","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6883","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5176"]}
	{"docID":[7891],"text":["Missoula Montana on January 20 1946. His father Donald Walton Lynch (1915\u20132007) was a research scientist working for the U.S. Department of Agriculture and his mother Edwina \"Sunny\" Lynch (\"née\" Sundholm; 1919\u20132004) was an English language tutor. Two of Lynch's maternal great-grandparents were Finnish and had immigrated to the United"],"title":["David Lynch"],"word":"edwina","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7891"]}
	{"docID":[9767],"text":["language. The interpretation of the whole passage has been extensively debated due to theological and scholarly disagreements. Sir Edwyn Hoskyns notes three main schools of thought: (a) the language is metaphorical and verse 63: \"The Spirit gives life; the flesh counts for nothing. The words I have spoken to you\u2014they"],"title":["Eucharist"],"word":"edwyn","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9767"]}
	{"docID":[9252,5786,3116,4214,1859],"text":["free or almost free full courses such as Harvard MIT and Berkeley teaming up to form edX. Other universities offering open education are Stanford Princeton Duke Johns Hopkins Edinburgh U. Penn U. Michigan U. Virginia U. Washington and Caltech. It has been called the biggest change in the way we","National Laboratory and headed by Professor Nathan Lewis established a DOE Energy Innovation Hub aimed at developing revolutionary methods to generate fuels directly from sunlight. This hub the Joint Center for Artificial Photosynthesis will receive up to $122 million in federal funding over five years. Since 2012 Caltech began to","8080 and the 8086 the modern ubiquitous Intel x86 processors still uses the primary accumulator EAX and the secondary accumulator EDX for multiplication and division of large numbers. For instance MUL ECX will multiply the 32-bit registers ECX and EAX and split the 64-bit result between EAX and EDX. However","bioinformatics and related disciplines including Coursera's Bioinformatics Specialization (UC San Diego) and Genomic Data Science Specialization (Johns Hopkins) as well as EdX's Data Analysis for Life Sciences XSeries (Harvard). There are several large conferences that are concerned with bioinformatics. Some of the most notable","traditional face-to-face programs. ASU Online is headquartered at ASU's SkySong campus in Scottsdale Arizona. ASU Online was ranked in the Top 4 for Best Online Bachelor's Programs by U.S. News & World Report. Online students are taught by the same faculty and receive the same diploma as on-campus students. ASU"],"title":["Education","California Institute of Technology","Accumulator (computing)","Bioinformatics","Arizona State University"],"word":"edx","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9252","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5786","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3116","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4214","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1859"]}
	{"docID":[1845,1537,5992,7738,13253],"text":["mood disturbance and increase quality of life.\" In Austria and Germany complementary and alternative medicine is mainly in the hands of doctors with MDs and half or more of the American alternative practitioners are licensed MDs. In Germany herbs are tightly regulated: half are prescribed by doctors and covered by","that basis concluded that it \"is more than a placebo\" and a reasonable referral option. Commenting on this meta-analysis both Edzard Ernst and David Colquhoun said the results were of negligible clinical significance. Edzard Ernst later stated that \"I fear that once we manage to eliminate this bias [that operators","find consistent results despite more than 3000 studies of acupuncture the treatment seems to be a placebo effect and the existing equivocal positive results are noise one expects to see after a large number of studies are performed on an inert therapy. The editorial concluded that the best controlled studies","if a causality with vertebral artery dissection after neck manipulation were merely a remote possibility. The same review concluded that the risk of death from manipulations to the neck outweighs the benefits. Chiropractors have criticized this conclusion claiming that the author did not evaluate the potential benefits of spinal manipulation.","of Edwin Chadwick they are also regarded as a decisive influence on the thinking of Charles Dickens. Mayhew's work inspired the script of director Christine Edzard's 1990 film \"The Fool\". Mayhew has appeared as a character in television and radio histories of Victorian London ; he was played by Timothy"],"title":["Alternative medicine","Acupuncture","Traditional Chinese medicine","Chiropractic","Henry Mayhew"],"word":"edzard","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1845","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1537","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7738","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13253"]}
