	{"docID":[3395,3170,2115,1542,1016,4069,4468,1735,2333,2807,2547,11313,10274,12309,13275,9602,11028,11034,7196,7398,8622,8504,7144,8339,8303,8349,5306,6829,4856,5848,5851,8736,8735,8778,6514,6643],"text":["composed in the 5th century by Buddhaghoṣa. From canonical sources come the Jataka tales the \"Mahapadana Sutta\" (DN 14) and the \"Achariyabhuta Sutta\" (MN 123) which include selective accounts that may be older but are not full biographies. The Jātakas retell previous lives of Gautama as a bodhisattva and the","to define the value at the discontinuities as the average of the values to the left and right: Individual values of arithmetic functions may fluctuate wildly \u2013 as in most of the above examples. Summation functions \"smooth out\" these fluctuations. In some cases it may be possible to find asymptotic","using \"CNAME records\" indicating service rather than actual machine names to refer to the service but there is no way of guaranteeing that users will follow such a convention. Some newer protocols such as Kerberos and Active Directory use DNS SRV records to identify services by name which is much","China the leaves and stems are used as a stir-fry vegetable or in soups. In Vietnam it is called \"rau dền\" and is used to make soup. Two species are popular as edible vegetable in Vietnam: \"dền đỏ\"- \"Amaranthus tricolor\" and \"dền cơm\" or \"dền trắng\"- \"Amaranthus viridis\". A traditional","villages of Keel Dooagh Dumha Éige (Dooega) Dún Ibhir (Dooniver) The Valley and Dugort. The parish's main Gaelic football pitch and secondary school are on the mainland at Poll Raithní. Early human settlements are believed to have been established on Achill around 3000 BC. A paddle dating from this period","Brittonic words that were borrowed into English. Others reflect the presence of Britons such as Dumbarton \u2013 from the Scottish Gaelic \"Dùn Breatainn\" meaning \"Fort of the Britons\" or Walton meaning a \"tun\" or settlement where the \"Wealh\" \"Britons\" still lived. The number of Celtic river names in England generally","Tevijja Sutta (DN 13) the Buddha rejects the personal authority of Brahmins because none of them can prove they have had personal experience of Brahman. The Buddha also stressed that experience is the only criterion for verification of the truth in this passage from the Majjhima Nikaya (MN.I.265): Furthermore the","Sutta (DN 16)); it is a panegyric for a man who is kindly unselfish popular and thoughtful toward others. In the long list of the disciples given in the Anguttara Nikaya (i. xiv.) where each of them is declared to be Prime in some quality Ānanda is mentioned five times","The ablative in Azeri (\"\") is expressed through the suffixes \"-dan\" or \"-dən\": Ev - evdən <br>\"House - from/off the house\" Aparmaq - aparmaqdan <br>\"To carry - from/off carrying\" The ablative in Turkish (\"-den hali\" or \"ayrılma hali\") is expressed through the suffixes \"-den\" \"-dan\" \"-ten\" or \"-tan\": Ev -","domain are stored in a single database (which can be replicated). Domains are identified by their DNS name structure the namespace. A domain is defined as a logical group of network objects (computers users devices) that share the same Active Directory database. A tree is a collection of one or","suspended spraying of Agent Orange in National Forests. A December 2006 Department of Defense report listed Agent Orange testing storage and disposal sites at 32 locations throughout the United States as well as in Canada Thailand Puerto Rico Korea and in the Pacific Ocean. The Veteran Administration has also acknowledged","Aillwee caves in the Burren County Clare. Some exterior shots for the episode \"And God Created Woman\" were filmed in Dún Laoghaire South County Dublin. The opening sequence (including shots of the \"Plassy\" shipwreck) were filmed over Inisheer \u2014 the smallest of the Aran Islands. The interior scenes were recorded","such particles. The last term can also be written as (with \"dn\" the number of moles of component \"i\" added to the system and in this case \"μ\" the molar chemical potential) or as (with \"dm\" the mass of component \"i\" added to the system and in this case \"μ\"","for which Goran Bregović composed the music. In 1997 he worked with Turkish singer Sezen Aksu on her album \"Düğün ve Cenaze\" (\"Wedding and Funeral\"). After that album he continued making composite albums with other musicians that were based on his music and singers' lyrics. He made an album with","total population is covered by universal health insurance which is absolutely free for children students pensioners people with low income handicapped people priests and other church employees. According to the OECD Hungary spent 7.8% of its GDP on health care in 2012. Total health expenditure was 1688.7 US$ per capita","de Edenesburg\" to the Priory of Dunfermline. In modern Gaelic the city is called \"Dùn Èideann\" (often rendered Dunedin by English-speakers). The earliest known human habitation in the Edinburgh area was at Cramond where evidence was found of a Mesolithic camp site dated to c. 8500 BC. Traces of later","the edited work print or EDL (edit decision list) as a guide. A series of Answer Prints are then made from the OCN. During the Answer Print stage corrections in the film's density and color are corrected (timed) to the filmmakers' tastes. Interpositive (IP) prints are struck from the OCN","equations. Direct numerical simulation (DNS) based on the Navier\u2013Stokes equations makes it possible to simulate turbulent flows at moderate Reynolds numbers. Restrictions depend on the power of the computer used and the efficiency of the solution algorithm. The results of DNS have been found to agree well with experimental data","Cairns in the region were also put to vital practical use. For example Dún Aonghasa an all-stone Iron Age Irish hill fort on Inishmore in the Aran Islands is still surrounded by small cairns and strategically placed jutting rocks used collectively as an alternative to defensive earthworks because of the","to another from one jurisdiction to another \u2013 moving around the world using the fact that we don't have the capability to globally police operations like this. So the Internet is as if someone [had] given free plane tickets to all the online criminals of the world.\" Use of dynamic","DNS servers an attacker can convince a DHCP client to do its DNS lookups through its own DNS server and can therefore provide its own answers to DNS queries from the client. This in turn allows the attacker to redirect network traffic through itself allowing it to eavesdrop on connections","a range of undergraduate and post graduate awards via the National University of Ireland and in some instances Queen's University Belfast. There are also smaller specialised colleges including Griffith College Dublin The Gaiety School of Acting and the New Media Technology College. Outside of the city the towns of Tallaght","proxy servers DNS servers or firewalls that provide Internet access. No solution provides complete coverage so most companies deploy a mix of technologies to achieve the proper content control inline with their policies. Internet service providers (ISPs) that block material containing pornography or controversial religious political or news-related content en","For example assuming the IPv4 address 208.80.152.2 is assigned to Wikimedia it is represented as a DNS name in reverse order: 2.152.80.208.in-addr.arpa. When the DNS resolver gets a pointer (PTR) request it begins by querying the root servers which point to the servers of American Registry for Internet Numbers (ARIN)","DNS) also known as trisomy 21 is a genetic disorder caused by the presence of all or part of a third copy of chromosome 21. It is typically associated with physical growth delays characteristic facial features and mild to moderate intellectual disability. The average IQ of a young adult with","from the Latin \"dēnī\" \"containing ten\" as its value was 10 assēs although in the middle of the 2nd century BC it was recalibrated so that it was now worth sixteen assēs or four sēstertiī. It is the origin of several modern words such as the currency name dinar; it","the Gibbs energy equation interacts with the fundamental thermodynamic relation to produce Inserting \"dN\" = \"ν dξ\" into the above equation gives a Stoichiometric coefficient (formula_12) and a differential that denotes the reaction occurring once (\"dξ\"). At constant pressure and temperature the above equations can be written as This results in: By","BIND DNS daemon caches a mapping of domain names to IP addresses as does a resolver library. Write-through operation is common when operating over unreliable networks (like an Ethernet LAN) because of the enormous complexity of the coherency protocol required between multiple write-back caches when communication is unreliable. For instance","Local Government Act 2001. Galway was a borough from 1937 until promoted to county borough in 1985 and Dún Laoghaire was a borough from 1930 until merged into Dún Laoghaire\u2013Rathdown county in 1993. Under Israeli law inherited from British Mandate municipal law the possibility of creating a municipal borough exists.","reform; however are still traditionally recognized and remain the seats of various branches of state administration: Benešov Beroun Blansko Břeclav Brno-město* Brno-venkov Bruntál České Budějovice Česká Lípa Český Krumlov Cheb Chomutov Chrudim Děčín Domažlice Frýdek-Místek Havlíčkův Brod Hodonín Hradec Králové Jablonec nad Nisou Jeseník Jičín Jihlava Jindřichův Hradec Karlovy Vary","430 km. 358 km of the Elbe (Labe) which totals 1154 km is also present in the country. Děčín Mělník Prague Ústí nad Labem Moldauhafen in Hamburg (no longer operational will be handed over to Germany in 2028) In 2006 the Czech Republic had a total 121 airports. 46 of these airports had","DNS software. As a challenge Bernstein offered a $1000 prize for the first person to find a security hole in djbdns which was awarded in March 2009 to Matthew Dempsky. djbdns's tinydns component was the second most popular DNS server in terms of the number of domains for which it","as important. BIND 9 was released in September 2000. In 2009 ISC started an effort to develop a new version of the software suite called BIND10. In addition to DNS service the BIND10 suite also included IPv4 and IPv6 DHCP server components. In April 2014 with the BIND10 release 1.2.0","is said to have personally benefited former presidents Ortega and Alemán greatly while constraining then-president Bolaños. One of the key accords of the pact was to lower the percentage necessary to win a presidential election in the first round from 45% to 35% a change in electoral law that would","\u20ac48500). As of early 2017 the unemployment rate for the Dublin region was estimated at 6%. County Dublin is the main transport node of Ireland and contains one international airport Dublin Airport. It is also served by two main seaports Dún Laoghaire port and Dublin Port which is just located","the bishop's palace garden and in the same year to the genteel Dublin suburb of Kingstown (today Dún Laoghaire) where it was first spelt as \"croquet\". There is however no pre-1858 Irish document that describes the way game was played in particular there is no reference to the distinctive croquet"],"title":["Gautama Buddha","Arithmetic function","AppleTalk","Amaranth","Achill Island","Brittonic languages","Buddhist philosophy","Ananda","Ablative case","Active Directory","Agent Orange","Father Ted","Enthalpy","Goran Bregović","Hungary","Edinburgh","Film stock","Fluid dynamics","Cairn","Computer security","Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol","Dublin","Content-control software","Domain Name System","Down syndrome","Denarius","Chemical equilibrium","Cache (computing)","Borough","Politics of the Czech Republic","Transport in the Czech Republic","Djbdns","BIND","Daniel Ortega","County Dublin","Croquet"],"word":"dn","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3395","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3170","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2115","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1542","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1016","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4069","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4468","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1735","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2333","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2807","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2547","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11313","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10274","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12309","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13275","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9602","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11028","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11034","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7196","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7398","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8622","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8504","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7144","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8339","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8303","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8349","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5306","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6829","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4856","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8736","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8735","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8778","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6514","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6643"]}
	{"docID":[6355,6438,6445,6339,6329,6322,6344,6614,6621,8456,8420,8311,8303,8218,8449,8309,8391,8697,8632,8626,8485,7955,7844,7845,8062,7952,7941,8127,8129,5992,6235,6271,6038,6016,6295,7284,7252,7442,7316,7330,7397,7329,7466,7274,6933,6972,7037,6910,6988,7172,6868,7012,7018,7120,8777,5131,5009,5259,5225,5040,5213,5180,5233,5299,5902,5932,5823,5905,5926,5962,6818,6773,6710,6736,6739,6763,6781,5554,5635,5669,5584,4745,4941,4925,4765,4751,4905,4882,4827,7550,7591,7682,7794,2763,2635,2494,2787,2836,2766,2756,2472,4460,4501,4506,4502,4583,4543,4581,3054,3277,2917,3003,3226,2952,3954,3712,3717,3793,3364,3378,3460,3416,3410,4230,4214,4185,4009,3974,4183,4147,1207,1014,1208,981,2154,4660,624,656,698,25,633,597,307,627,640,786,874,788,897,791,1451,1267,1412,1525,1530,2362,2457,2185,2216,2408,1910,1800,1915,1914,1911,1916,1828,1908,1921,1805,4292,4393,4400,4402,4295,4361,10958,11036,9588,9426,9467,11712,11711,11751,10793,10700,10628,10713,10689,12118,12025,10048,10134,9942,9927,10176,10115,10029,9995,10326,10238,10406,10484,9015,8832,8835,8799,8946,11127,11337,11299,11302,11461,11397,9236,9140,9258,9334,9146,9257,9279,9164,9349,9288,12891,13026,12936,13034,12938,12832,12937,12383,12339,12266,12439,12388,12385,12437,12446,12424,12286,12386,12295,12546,12718,12582,12796,12717,12552,12713,9619,9903,9677,9837,9675],"text":["contain their own DNA which is thought to be inherited from their ancestor\u2014a photosynthetic cyanobacterium that was engulfed by an early eukaryotic cell. Chloroplasts cannot be made by the plant cell and must be inherited by each daughter cell during cell division. With one exception (the amoeboid \"Paulinella chromatophora\") all","a chromosome disorder. Abnormal numbers of chromosomes or chromosome sets called aneuploidy may be lethal or may give rise to genetic disorders. Genetic counseling is offered for families that may carry a chromosome rearrangement. The gain or loss of DNA from chromosomes can lead to a variety of genetic disorders.","cadmium acetaldehyde ethylene oxide and isoprene. Most of these compounds cause DNA damage by forming DNA adducts or by inducing other alterations in DNA. DNA damages are subject to error-prone DNA repair or can cause replication errors. Such errors in repair or replication can result in mutations in tumor suppressor","systems. The G phases along with the S phase \u2013 DNA replication damage and repair \u2013 are considered to be the interphase portion of the cycle. While the M phase (mitosis and cytokinesis) is the cell division portion of the cycle. The cell cycle is regulated by a series of","The stronger a protein's interaction with DNA the higher the salt concentration needed to elute that protein. \"Planar chromatography\" is a separation technique in which the stationary phase is present as or on a plane. The plane can be a paper serving as such or impregnated by a substance as","the eastern \"C. c. carolinensis\". According to a study of mitochondrial DNA recovered from museum specimens their closest living relatives include some of the South American \"Aratinga\" parakeets: the Nanday parakeet the sun parakeet and the golden-capped parakeet. The authors note the bright yellow and orange plumage and blue wing","viral DNA or RNA is transported into the capsid. Structural analyses of major capsid protein (MCP) architectures have been used to categorise viruses into families. For example the bacteriophage PRD1 Paramecium bursaria Chlorella algal virus and mammalian adenovirus have been placed in the same family. The icosahedral structure is extremely","game's main antagonist who awakens and ravages the world in AD 1999 is an extraterrestrial parasitic creature that harvests DNA and the Earth's energy for its own growth. In AD 1000 Crono and Marle watch Lucca and her father demonstrate her new teleporter at the Millennial Fair. When Marle volunteers","in their biochemistry usually in their DNA or RNA. It is now generally thought that the Calcarea (sponges with calcium carbonate spicules) are more closely related to Cnidaria Ctenophora (comb jellies) and Bilateria (all the more complex animals) than they are to the other groups of sponges. In 1866 it","DNA replication. Following 5'-3' synthesis of the backbone individual nitrogenous bases are capable of interacting with one another via hydrogen bonding thus allowing for the formation of higher-order structures. Nucleic acid denaturation occurs when hydrogen bonding between nucleotides is disrupted and results in the separation of previously annealed strands. For","their similarities independently. Osteological and DNA analysis has since led to the dissolution of the family Raphidae and the dodo and solitaire are now placed in their own subfamily Raphinae within the family Columbidae. In 2002 American geneticist Beth Shapiro and colleagues analysed the DNA of the dodo for the","including Schweitzer announced that using even more careful methodology they had duplicated their results by finding similar soft tissue in a duck-billed dinosaur \"Brachylophosaurus canadensis\" found in the Judith River Formation of Montana. This included even more detailed tissue down to preserved bone cells that seem even to have visible","artery among others. The presence or absence of many markers is more accurate. Increased fetal nuchal translucency (NT) indicates an increased risk of Down syndrome picking up 75\u201380% of cases and being falsely positive in 6%. Several blood markers can be measured to predict the risk of Down syndrome during","on which Apple went on to build its fortune.\" Another commentator said \"Ritchie on the other hand invented and co-invented two key software technologies which make up the DNA of effectively every single computer software product we use directly or even indirectly in the modern age. It sounds like a","DNA in order to activate gene expression. For example NeuroD is a key transcription factor for neuronal differentiation myogenin for muscle differentiation and HNF4 for hepatocyte differentiation. Cell differentiation is usually the final stage of development preceded by several states of commitment which are not visibly differentiated. A single tissue","viable cells for the replication of their RNA from viral DNA integrated into cellular DNA.\" Duesberg elsewhere states that \"the typical virus reproduces by entering a living cell and commandeering the cell's resources in order to make new virus particles a process that ends with the disintegration of the dead","considered the etymology of Dīāna as allied to that of \"dies\" and connected to the shine of the Moon. The persona of Diana is complex and contains a number of archaic features. According to Georges Dumézil it falls into a particular subset of celestial gods referred to in histories of","T4 DNA ligase; one successful approach for example tested T4 DNA ligase fused to several alternative DNA binding proteins and found that the constructs with either p50 or NF-kB as fusion partners were over 160% more active in blunt-end ligations for cloning purposes than wild type T4 DNA ligase. A","of his travels occurs as \"Dogziyin\" but it is clear that this is a scribal error. Archaeological assessments of the Druze region have also proposed the possibility of Druze descending from Itureans who had inhabited Mount Lebanon and Golan Heights in late classic antiquity but their traces fade in the","to track and document this possible Turkish population of dhole. On October 12 2015 this research team reported the preliminary conclusion that no real evidence exists of a living population of the dhole in Turkey (or in the Kabardino-Balkaria Republic) pending DNA analysis of samples from the original 1994 Serez-Eroglu","well as his former Argentine national team and Sevilla coach) Carlos Bilardo had \"lied to\" \"betrayed\" and effectively sacked him from the role. He said \"They wanted me to continue but seven of my staff should not go on if he told me that it meant he did not want","structures telomeres also form large loop structures called telomere loops or T-loops. Here the single-stranded DNA curls around in a long circle stabilized by telomere-binding proteins. At the very end of the T-loop the single-stranded telomere DNA is held onto a region of double-stranded DNA by the telomere strand disrupting","in speech development have undergone rapid evolution in the human lineage. A draft version of the chimpanzee genome was published on September 1 2005 in an article produced by the Chimpanzee Sequencing and Analysis Consortium. The DNA sequence differences between humans and chimpanzees is about 35 million single-nucleotide changes five","and through DNA testing. DNA testing can give a definitive diagnosis but not all the genetic markers for CMT are known. CMT is first noticed when someone develops lower leg weakness such as foot drop; or foot deformities including hammertoes and high arches. But signs alone do not lead to","was renamed ' (DNA \"German Standardisation Committee\") in 1926 to reflect that the organization now dealt with standardization issues in many fields; viz. not just for industrial products. In 1975 it was renamed again to \"\" or 'DIN' and is recognized by the German government as the official national-standards body","Alpha DEC was well respected for its communication subsystem designs such as Ethernet DNA (DIGITAL Network Architecture: predominantly DECnet products) DSA (Digital Storage Architecture: disks/tapes/controllers) and its \"dumb terminal\" subsystems including VT100 and DECserver products. DEC's Research Laboratories (or Research Labs as they were commonly known) conducted DEC's corporate research.","In Victoria on 21 December 2011 legislation was passed allowing new trials where there is \"fresh and compelling DNA evidence where the person acquitted subsequently admits to the crime or where it becomes clear that key witnesses have given false evidence\". Retrial applications however could only be made for serious","in format and storytelling and the series was not renewed for a third season. The second season two-episode finale included Dilbert getting pregnant with the child of a cow a hillbilly Robot DNA \"several dozen engineers\" an elderly billionaire and an alien eventually ending up in a custody battle with","It is used as a molecular probe to detect DNA or RNA. It can easily be attached to nucleotides by chemical modifications. DIG molecules are often linked to uridine nucleotides; DIG-labelled uridine (DIG-U) can then be incorporated into RNA probes via \"in vitro\" transcription. Once hybridisation occurs \"in situ\" RNA","of traditional Chinese medicine for centuries. Shark finning is banned in many countries but the trade is thriving in Hong Kong and China where the fins are part of shark fin soup a dish considered a delicacy and used in some types of traditional Chinese medicine. The tortoise (Freshwater turtle","in the nucleus. It is not surrounded by a membrane and is sometimes called a \"suborganelle\". It forms around tandem repeats of rDNA DNA coding for ribosomal RNA (rRNA). These regions are called nucleolar organizer regions (NOR). The main roles of the nucleolus are to synthesize rRNA and assemble ribosomes.","occur in living organisms are collectively known as metabolism. Among the most important of its mechanisms is the anabolism in which different DNA and enzyme-controlled processes result in the production of large molecules such as proteins and carbohydrates from smaller units. Bioenergetics studies the sources of energy for such reactions.","major development not only advancing chemical engineering but genetic engineering and genomics as well. Chemical engineering principles were used to produce DNA sequences in large quantities. Chemical engineering involves the application of several principles. Key concepts are presented below. Chemical engineering involves managing plant processes and conditions to ensure optimal","suggests the first strands of RNA and DNA had to look elsewhere to obtain this building block. Cytosine likely formed within some meteorite parent bodies however did not persist within these bodies due","chaotic maps and the cryptographic systems is the main motivation for the design of chaos based cryptographic algorithms. One type of encryption secret key or symmetric key relies on diffusion and confusion which is modeled well by chaos theory. Another type of computing DNA computing when paired with chaos theory","nematode \"Caenorhabditis elegans\". There are two types of centromeres. In regional centromeres DNA sequences contribute to but do not define function. Regional centromeres contain large amounts of DNA and are often packaged into heterochromatin. In most eukaryotes the centromere's DNA sequence consists of large arrays of repetitive DNA (e.g. satellite","G2 phase occurs after DNA replication and is a period of protein synthesis and rapid cell growth to prepare the cell for mitosis. During this phase microtubules begin to reorganize to form a spindle. The relatively brief \"M phase\" consists of nuclear division (karyokinesis). It is a relatively short period","film Kal-El is Krypton's first natural birth in centuries a birth without using Krypton's genesis chamber. In order to save Krypton's future and stop Zod's coup his biological father Jor-El steals Krypton's DNA template (Codex) bonds it to Kal-El's cells and sends him to Earth before Krypton explodes. Kal-El's ship","phosphorus in the structure of their DNA. A common objection to this scenario is that arsenate esters are so much less stable to hydrolysis than corresponding phosphate esters that arsenic is poorly suited for this function. The authors of a 2010 geomicrobiology study supported in part by NASA have postulated","of this first step from viral DNA to cDNA can be seen in the HIV cycle of infection. Here the host cell membrane becomes attached to the virus\u2019 lipid envelope which allows the viral capsid with two copies of viral genome RNA to enter the host. The cDNA copy is","gene coding for the blue receptor lies on chromosome 7 which is shared equally by males and females. Therefore it is not sex-linked. This gene does not have any neighbor whose DNA sequence is similar. Blue color blindness is caused by a simple mutation in this gene. Total color blindness","circumscribed it always stood apart. A cladistic analysis of DNA sequence data of the S7 ribosomal protein intron1 supports the view that it is distinct enough to constitute a monotypic subfamily. It also suggests it may be closer to the small East Asian \"Aphyocypris\" \"Hemigrammocypris\" and \"Yaoshanicus\". They would have","roofs increases the risk of cancer. It is believed that their metabolites bind to DNA damaging it. Long-term skin exposure to these compounds can produce \"tar warts\" which can progress to squamous cell carcinoma. The International Agency for Research on Cancer lists coal tars as Group 1 carcinogens meaning they","the Great Lakes area likely spoke South Cushitic languages. Christopher Ehret (1998) proposes that among these idioms were the now extinct Tale and Bisha languages which were identified on the basis of loanwords. Ancient DNA analysis of a Savanna Pastoral Neolithic fossil excavated at the Luxmanda site in Tanzana likewise","non-physiological conditions an approximately 10 nm \"beads-on-a-string\" fibre. (Fig. 1-2). . The nucleosomes bind DNA non-specifically as required by their function in general DNA packaging. There are however large DNA sequence preferences that govern nucleosome positioning. This is due primarily to the varying physical properties of different DNA sequences: For instance","of mitochondrial DNA show that the divergence between each of the three chipmunk groups is comparable to the genetic dissimilarity between \"Marmota\" and \"Spermophilus\". The genus name \"Tamias\" is Greek for \"treasurer\" \"steward\" or \"housekeeper\" which is a reference to the animals' role in plant dispersal through their habit of","The diagnosis of genital chlamydial infections evolved rapidly from the 1990s through 2006. Nucleic acid amplification tests (NAAT) such as polymerase chain reaction (PCR) transcription mediated amplification (TMA) and the DNA strand displacement amplification (SDA) now are the mainstays. NAAT for chlamydia may be performed on swab specimens sampled from","Initially the DNA of interest needs to be isolated to provide a DNA segment of suitable size. Subsequently a ligation procedure is used where the amplified fragment is inserted into a vector (piece of DNA). The vector (which is frequently circular) is linearised using restriction enzymes and incubated with the","bind to DNA. CRP-cAMP increases expression of a large number of genes including some encoding enzymes that can supply energy independent of glucose. cAMP for example is involved in the positive regulation of the lac operon. In an environment with a low glucose concentration cAMP accumulates and binds to the","ion becomes chemically reduced and reacts with oxygen. Mitomycin is a cytotoxic antibiotic with the ability to alkylate DNA. Most chemotherapy is delivered intravenously although a number of agents can be administered orally (e.g. melphalan busulfan capecitabine). There are many intravenous methods of drug delivery known as vascular access devices.","(DNA) and ribonucleic acid (RNA). It is found in the seeds nuts or leaves of a number of plants native to South America and East Asia and helps to protect them against predator insects and to prevent germination of nearby seeds. The most well known source of caffeine is the","recommended. Some measures of vector control include: A number of potential vaccines are currently being tested. Vaccination with \"Trypanosoma rangeli\" has produced positive results in animal models. More recently the potential of DNA vaccines for immunotherapy of acute and chronic Chagas disease is being tested by several research groups. Blood","and a recent researcher claims to have discovered a death notice showing that the artist died on that day of a fever in Porto Ercole near Grosseto in Tuscany. Human remains found in a church in Porto Ercole in 2010 are believed to almost certainly belong to Caravaggio. The findings","hormone-responsive DNA element and can inhibit androgen receptor and retinoic acid receptor transcriptional activities in vivo as well as retinoic acid-induced neuronal differentiation. Thus calreticulin can act as an important modulator of the regulation of gene transcription by nuclear hormone receptors. Calreticulin binds to antibodies in certain area of systemic","from insect ascovirus (\"Ascoviridae\") mammalian herpesviruses (\"Herpesviridae\") fish lymphocystis disease virus (\"Iridoviridae\") and chlorella virus (\"Phycoviridae\"). The \"pol\" genes of the African swine fever virus (\"Asfarviridae\") baculoviruses (\"Baculoviridae\") fish herpesvirus (\"Herpesviridae\") T-even bacteriophages (\"Myoviridae\") and poxviruses (\"Poxviridae\") were not clearly resolved. A second study showed that poxvirus baculovirus and the","still much ongoing differential (DNA sequence based) comparison research that is trying to separate out the simplest forms of chordates. As some lineages of the 90% of species that lack a backbone or notochord might have lost these structures over time this complicates the classification of chordates. Some chordate lineages","coding genes was published by Kerstin Howe \"et al.\" in 2013. In October 2001 researchers from the University of Oklahoma published \"D. rerio's\" complete mitochondrial DNA sequence. Its length is 16596 base pairs. This is within 100 base pairs of other related species of fish and it is notably only","the same fundamental biochemical organization: genetic information encoded in DNA transcribed into RNA through the effect of protein- and RNA-enzymes then translated into proteins by (highly similar) ribosomes with ATP NADPH and others as energy sources. Analysis of small sequence differences in widely-shared substances such as cytochrome c further supports","function and development. This is DNA which contains units named genes from which messenger RNA is derived. This in turn produces proteins through a genetic code in which a series of triplets (codons) of four possible nucleotides can be translated into one of twenty possible amino acids. A sequence of","beliefs are based on the writings and \"more recent channelled material\" from St. Germain. She stated that some people's DNA has expanded from 2 to 12 strands to \"absorb more hydrogen\". When offered $30000 to prove her claim with a blood test she said that she didn't understand the relevance","as the development of quantum algorithms). Potential infrastructure for future technologies includes DNA origami on photolithography and quantum antennae for transferring information between ion traps. By 2011 researchers had entangled 14 qubits. Fast digital circuits (including those based on Josephson junctions and rapid single flux quantum technology) are becoming more","DNA evidence at a crime scene (forensics). The history of chemistry spans a period from very old times to the present. Since several millennia BC civilizations were using technologies that would eventually form the basis of the various branches of chemistry. Examples include extracting metals from ores making pottery and","later development of the binomial scientific classification by Linnaeus. The Linnaean system classified nature within a nested hierarchy starting with three kingdoms. Kingdoms were divided into classes and they in turn into orders and thence into genera (\"singular:\" genus) which were divided into Species (\"singular:\" species). Below the rank of","of plastics and petrochemicals and as fossil fuels. When combined with oxygen and hydrogen carbon can form many groups of important biological compounds including sugars lignans chitins alcohols fats and aromatic esters carotenoids and terpenes. With nitrogen it forms alkaloids and with the addition of sulfur also it forms antibiotics","rights because the right to life is the most important and capital punishment violates it without necessity and inflicts to the condemned a psychological torture. Human rights activists oppose the death penalty calling it \"cruel inhuman and degrading punishment\". Amnesty International considers it to be \"the ultimate irreversible denial of","of DNA has the empirical formula CHO. The carbohydrates are technically hydrates of carbon; structurally it is more accurate to view them as aldoses and ketones. The term is most common in biochemistry where it is a synonym of 'saccharide' a group that includes sugars starch and cellulose. The saccharides","the passage of time. The aim of the genetic test was the help members of collateral branches in China who lost their genealogical records to prove their descent. However in 2009 many of the collateral branches decided not to agree to DNA testing. Bryan Sykes professor of genetics at Oxford","secondary bonding interactions of the larger chalcogens selenium and tellurium can create organic solvent-holding acetylene nanotubes. Chalcogen interactions are useful for conformational analysis and stereoelectronic effects among other things. Chalcogenides with through bonds also have applications. For instance divalent sulfur can stabilize carbanions cationic centers and radical. Chalcogens can confer","DNA computers molecular computers microfluidics-based computers analog computers or wetware computers. This point of view is the one adopted by the branch of theoretical physics called the physics of computation as well as the field of natural computing. An even more radical point of view is the postulate of digital","report based on NASA studies of meteorites found on Earth was published suggesting DNA and RNA components (adenine guanine and related organic molecules) may have been formed on asteroids and comets. The outer surfaces of cometary nuclei have a very low albedo making them among the least reflective objects found","which forms glutamine proline and arginine. Of these amino acids aspartate and glutamine are used together with carbon and nitrogen atoms from other sources to form the purines that are used as the bases in DNA and RNA as well as in ATP AMP GTP NAD FAD and CoA. The","broad-spectrum antibiotic of the fluoroquinolone class. It is active against both Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria. It functions by inhibiting DNA gyrase and a type II topoisomerase topoisomerase IV necessary to separate bacterial DNA thereby inhibiting cell division. Ciprofloxacin for systemic administration is available as immediate-release tablets extended-release tablets an oral","that included the Tibetan wolf the Dog the Mongolian wolf and the Eurasian wolf with the Tibetan wolf diverging early from wolves and domestic dogs. In 2016 a whole-genome DNA study proposed based on the assumptions made that all of the North American wolves and coyotes diverged from a common","suggested several phylogenetic divisions: DNA analysis shows that the first three form monophyletic clades. The wolf-like canids and the South American canids together form the tribe Canini. Molecular data imply a North American origin of living Canidae some ten million years ago and an African origin of wolf-like canines (\"Canis\"","the wolf genotypes of a sample in Italy to a single group. This population also showed a unique mitochondrial DNA control-region haplotype the absence of private alleles and lower heterozygosity at microsatellite loci as compared to other wolf populations. In 2010 a genetic analysis indicated that a single wolf haplotype","of DNA that is transcribed to create a contiguous segment of RNA but contains more than one cistron / gene. The operon is said to be polycistronic whereas ordinary genes are said to","genome within a structure known as a nucleoid. This is an irregular mass of DNA and associated proteins that control the transcription and replication of the bacterial chromosome and plasmids. In eukaryotes the genome is held within the cell nucleus which is separated from the cytosol by nuclear pores that","the United States Panama Nicaragua Spain Mexico Canada Germany Venezuela Dominican Republic and Ecuador. The number of migrants declined in later years but in 2015 there were some 420000 immigrants in Costa Rica and the number of asylum seekers (mostly from Honduras El Salvador Guatemala and Nicaragua) rose to more","remains were moved back to Spain to the Cathedral of Seville where they were placed on an elaborate catafalque. However a lead box bearing an inscription identifying \"Don Christopher Columbus\" and containing bone fragments and a bullet was discovered at Santo Domingo in 1877. To lay to rest claims that","The original deadline to be in compliance was July 28 2018 but on September 29 2017 the FDA released a proposed rule that extended the deadline to January 1 2020 for large companies and January 1 2021 for small companies. Water-insoluble chromium(III) compounds and chromium metal are not considered a","between the largely male Spanish colonists and indigenous women. Modern-day studies have revealed traces of DNA that renders physical traits similar to Amazonian tribes in individuals throughout Cuba although the native population was largely destroyed as a culture and civilization after 1550. Under the Spanish New Laws of 1552 indigenous","during his administration. The question of blackness also arose in the Democrat Barack Obama's 2008 presidential campaign. Commentators have questioned whether Obama who was elected the first President with black ancestry is \"black enough\" contending that his background is not typical because his mother was white American and his father","remains of 17 bodies thrown in a well in Norwich between the 12th and 13th century (five that were shown by DNA testing to likely be members of a single Jewish family) were very possibly killed as part of one of these pogroms. After the death of Little Saint Hugh","off Fiji believe they photographed a hybrid humpback-blue whale including the discovery through DNA analysis from a meat sample found in a Japanese market. The first published description of the blue whale comes from Robert Sibbald's \"Phalainologia Nova\" (1694). In September 1692 Sibbald found a blue whale that had stranded","descended from ancestors that have tested clean. When lineage from a fully tested line (set of ancestors) cannot be completely verified the dog should be tested before breeding. As this is a non-invasive DNA test a Basenji can be tested for HA at any time. Basenjis sometimes suffer from hip","DNA uptake by transformation. Two \"Bacillus\" species are considered medically significant: \"B. anthracis\" which causes anthrax and \"B. cereus\" which causes food poisoning similar to that caused by \"Staphylococcus\". A third species \"B. thuringiensis\" is an important insect pathogen and is sometimes used to control insect pests. The type species","\"Azure an imperial eagle or\". The change applied to all members of his family except for his brother Lucien and his nephew the son from Jerome's first marriage. According to a studies by G.Lucotte and his coauthors based on DNA research since 2011 Napoleon Bonaparte belonged to Y-DNA (direct male","beta particles per second produced by the decay of C. However a C atom is in the genetic information of about half the cells while potassium is not a component of DNA. The decay of a C atom inside DNA in one person happens about 50 times per second changing","recombinant DNA technology genetic modification/manipulation (GM) and gene splicing are terms that apply to the direct manipulation of an organism's genes. Unlike traditional breeding an indirect method of genetic manipulation genetic engineering utilizes modern tools such as molecular cloning and transformation to directly alter the structure and characteristics of target","Wimmer's group who synthesized and ligated an RNA virus genome and \"booted\" it in cell lysate. The single-celled organism contains four \"watermarks\" written into its DNA to identify it as synthetic and to help trace its descendants. The watermarks include On March 25 2016 Venter reported the creation of Syn","successive sections of \"V. cholerae\" DNA into the DNA of other bacteria such as \"E. coli\" that would not naturally produce the protein toxins researchers have investigated the mechanisms by which \"V. cholerae\" responds to the changing chemical environments of the stomach mucous layers and intestinal wall. Researchers have discovered","these pairs. Centrioles start duplicating when DNA replicates. The last common ancestor of all eukaryotes was a ciliated cell with centrioles. Some lineages of eukaryotes such as land plants do not have centrioles except in their motile male gametes. Centrioles are completely absent from all cells of conifers and flowering","RNA. In fact the double-helical structure of DNA was deduced from crystallographic data. The first crystal structure of a macromolecule was solved in 1958 a three-dimensional model of the myoglobin molecule obtained by X-ray analysis. The Protein Data Bank (PDB) is a freely accessible repository for the structures of proteins","via the Bergman cyclization","directly after the DNA gel electrophoresis by adding slices of melted gel containing DNA fragment of interest to a reaction mixture. The LMP agarose contains fewer sulphates which can affect some enzymatic reactions and is therefore preferably used for some applications. Hydroxyethylation may reduce the pore size by reducing the","to recreate the aurochs. They plan to return this animal to the forests of Poland. The project has gained the support of the Polish Ministry of the Environment. They plan research on ancient preserved DNA. Other research projects have extracted \"ancient\" DNA over the past 20 years and their results","hydrogenation oxygenation and hydroxylation to more complex organics \u2013 \"a step along the path toward amino acids and nucleotides the raw materials of proteins and DNA respectively\". More than 20% of the carbon in the universe may be associated with PAHs possible starting materials for the formation of life. PAHs","Sloughi of the Maghreb. Despite morphological similarities mitochondrial DNA evidence shows that it is only very distantly related to other sight hounds. Azawakh have a rare glucose isomerase allele (GPI) that occurs only in foxes jackals Italian wolves Sloughi dogs and a handful of other quite unrelated rare dogs found","DNA of the test organism. More formally it is a biological assay to assess the mutagenic potential of chemical compounds. A positive test indicates that the chemical is mutagenic and therefore may act as a carcinogen because cancer is often linked to mutation. The test serves as a quick and","DNA damage afforded as one function of meiosis. An important form of fission is \"binary fission\". In binary fission the parent organism is replaced by two daughter organisms because it literally divides in two. Only prokaryotes (the archaea and the bacteria) reproduce asexually through binary fission. Eukaryotes (such as protists","white. In the past spotted color patterns were excluded but now with the advent of DNA testing to verify parentage the registry accepts all colors as long as both parents are registered. A stock horse is a horse of a type that is well suited for working with livestock particularly","The amount of chromosomal DNA that is transferred depends on how long the two conjugating bacteria remain in contact. In common laboratory strains of \"E. coli\" the transfer of the entire bacterial chromosome takes about 100 minutes. The transferred DNA can then be integrated into the recipient genome via homologous","arguing that the rat population was insufficient to account for a bubonic plague pandemic sceptics of the bubonic plague theory point out that the symptoms of the Black Death are not unique (and arguably in some accounts may differ from bubonic plague); that transference via fleas in goods was likely","working alongside the Kenya Wildlife Service have recorded photos of bongos at remote salt licks in the Aberdare Forests using camera traps and by analyzing DNA extracted from dung have confirmed the presence of bongo in Mount Kenya Eburru and Mau forests. The programme estimate as few as 140 animals","China Paraguay Pakistan South Africa Uruguay Bolivia Australia Philippines Myanmar Burkina Faso Mexico and Spain. Genetically modified foods are foods produced from organisms that have had specific changes introduced into their DNA with the methods of genetic engineering. These techniques have allowed for the introduction of new crop traits as","Grasslands National Park in Saskatchewan Canada. In 2015 a fourth purebred herd of 350 individuals was identified on public lands in the Henry Mountains of southern Utah via genetic testing of mitochondrial and nuclear DNA. This study published in 2015 also showed the Henry Mountains bison herd to be free","applications including optogenetics Raman spectroscopy and particle image velocimetry due to their superior beam quality. Blue gas lasers are also still commonly used for holography DNA sequencing optical pumping and other scientific and medical applications. Blue was a latecomer among colours used in art and decoration as well as language","power (1000× oil immersion) fields are counted and an average determined. DNA hybridization testing with Affirm VPIII was compared to the Gram stain using the Nugent criteria. The Affirm VPIII test may be used for the rapid diagnosis of BV in symptomatic women but uses expensive proprietary equipment to read","the Structural Classification of Proteins database maintains a large category specifically for all-α proteins. Hemoglobin then has an even larger-scale quaternary structure in which the functional oxygen-binding molecule is made up of four subunits. α-Helices have particular significance in DNA binding motifs including helix-turn-helix motifs leucine zipper motifs and zinc","cellular components such as DNA proteins and lipids. In general antioxidant systems either prevent these reactive species from being formed or remove them before they can damage vital components of the cell. However reactive oxygen species also have useful cellular functions such as redox signaling. Thus the function of antioxidant","van Barneveld) bassist Sil (Silvano Matadin) drummer Magic Stick (Michel Schoots) and DJ DNA (DoNotAsk) (Arjen de Vreede). The band's music is described as a blend of genres including hard rock funk soul hip hop reggae jazz and ska and is often compared to that of Rage Against the Machine","his DNA in their CODIS system. According to his attorney Lamo has a religious objection to giving blood but is willing to give his DNA in another form. On June 15 2007 lawyers for Lamo filed a motion citing the Book of Genesis as one basis for Lamo's religious opposition","settlement. Thus the Azorean population received a significant contribution from people with genetic backgrounds other than Portuguese. The nature of the economy dictated that African slavery never became common in the Azores because they were sent to Brazil and the Caribbean. Only a few remained in the Azores to help","A growth in popularity occurred around 1993 with Two Dogs DNA Alcoholic Spring Water Hooper's Hooch and Zima which was marketed under the title of \"malternative beverage\". Wine coolers were on the decline due to the increase in the US federal wine tax and using a malt-beverage base became the","organisms. Also the nitrogenous bases possible in the two nucleic acids are different: adenine cytosine and guanine occur in both RNA and DNA while thymine occurs only in DNA and uracil occurs in RNA. Glucose is the major energy source in most life forms. For instance polysaccharides are broken down","others using the then-new concurrent programming language Limbo. A high performance database engine (Dali) was developed which became DataBlitz in its product form. In 1996 AT&T spun off Bell Laboratories along with most of its equipment manufacturing business into a new company named Lucent Technologies. AT&T retained a small number","of the brain to be altered experimentally; genomics which allows variations in brain structure to be correlated with variations in DNA properties and neuroimaging. Animal brains are used as food in numerous cuisines. Some archaeological evidence suggests that the mourning rituals of European Neanderthals also involved the consumption of the","of the Annunciation of Our Lady of the Newarke. After two days the corpse was interred in a plain tomb within the church of the Greyfriars. The church was demolished following the friary's dissolution in 1538 and the location of Richard's tomb was long uncertain. On 12 September 2012 archaeologists","two distinct levels of light intensity two directions of magnetization or polarization the orientation of reversible double stranded DNA etc. Bits can be implemented in several forms. In most modern computing devices a bit is usually represented by an electrical voltage or current pulse or by the electrical state of","of Analytical Methods contains methods for measuring occupational exposures to beryllium. Approximately 35 micrograms of beryllium is found in the average human body an amount not considered harmful. Beryllium is chemically similar to magnesium and therefore can displace it from enzymes which causes them to malfunction. Because Be is a highly","bats all of which are also found in the eastern United States: \"Lasionycteris noctivagans\" \"Lasiurus borealis\" \"Lasiurus cinereus\" \"Lasiurus seminolus\" and \"Perimyotis subflavus\". Other commonly known fauna of Bermuda include its national bird the Bermuda petrel or cahow. It was rediscovered in 1951 after having been thought extinct since the","is supported from the similarity between the coronate larvae and the Type 1 pericalymma larvae of some molluscs and sipunculans where the prototroch zone is expanded to cover the hyposphere. A study of the mitochondrial DNA sequence suggests that the Bryozoa may be related to the Chaetognatha. Most species are","accurate but scientists disagree about the relationships between the orders themselves; evidence from modern bird anatomy fossils and DNA have all been brought to bear on the problem but no strong consensus has emerged. More recently new fossil and molecular evidence is providing an increasingly clear picture of the evolution","the S phase of the cell cycle. In meiosis the DNA is replicated only once while the cell divides twice. DNA replication only occurs before meiosis I. DNA replication does not occur when the cells divide the second time in meiosis II. Replication like all cellular activities requires specialized proteins","base calling for the various experimental approaches to DNA sequencing. Most DNA sequencing techniques produce short fragments of sequence that need to be assembled to obtain complete gene or genome sequences. The so-called shotgun sequencing technique (which was used for example by The Institute for Genomic Research (TIGR) to sequence","undergo lysogeny are known as temperate phages. Their viral genome will integrate with host DNA and replicate along with it relatively harmlessly or may even become established as a plasmid. The virus remains dormant until host conditions deteriorate perhaps due to depletion of nutrients; then the endogenous phages (known as","study disputes this finding. In the second paper tests identified the hairs as being from a rare type of brown bear. After what \"The Huffington Post\" described as \"a five-year study of purported Bigfoot (also known as Sasquatch) DNA samples\" but prior to peer review of the work on November","DNA) which are long polymers composed of 13 or more nucleotide monomers; polypeptides which are short polymers of amino acids; and polysaccharides which are often linear bonded polymeric carbohydrate structures. Other examples of biopolymers include rubber suberin melanin and lignin. Cellulose is the most common organic compound and biopolymer on","the creation of genetically modified crops. Epigenetics is the study of heritable changes in gene function that cannot be explained by changes in the underlying DNA sequence but cause the organism's genes to behave (or \"express themselves\") differently. One example of epigenetic change is the marking of the genes by","road (totally with access road). The construction is estimated to cost Rp.2.49 trillion ($273.9 million). The project goes through of mangrove forest and through of beach both within area. The elevated toll road is built over the mangrove forest on 18000 concrete pillars which occupied 2 hectares of mangroves forest.","in nature there is a selective bias against using this codon in favor of another for example bacteria prefer to use CGA instead of AGA to code for arginine. This creates some sequences that do not appear in the genome. This characteristic can be taken advantage of and used to","to describe a product that does not contain alcohol. Ethanol is thought to cause harm partly as a result of direct damage to DNA caused by its metabolites. Ethanol's toxicity is largely caused by its primary metabolite acetaldehyde (systematically ethanal) and secondary metabolite acetic acid. Many primary alcohols are metabolized","and produced for example a uniform mixture that oddly enough had regularly spaced fixed red spots. The Russian biochemist Boris Belousov had performed experiments with similar results but could not get his papers published because of the contemporary prejudice that any such thing violated the second law of thermodynamics. For","5000 years old; more than 200000 drawings and etchings have been identified at the site. In 1991 a mummy of a neolithic body known as Ötzi the Iceman was discovered by hikers on the Similaun glacier. His clothing and gear indicate that he lived in an alpine farming community while","average European ancestry of 21.9% again with significant variation between individuals. Bryc et al. (2009) note that populations from other parts of the continent may also constitute adequate proxies for the ancestors of some African-American individuals; namely ancestral populations from Guinea Bissau Senegal and Sierra Leone in West Africa and","the Basque region. The collection of mtDNA haplogroups sampled there differed significantly compared to their modern frequencies. The authors concluded that there is \"discontinuity\" between ancient and modern Basques. Thus while Basques harbour some very archaic lineages (such as mtDNA Hg U8a) they are not of \"undiluted Palaeolithic ancestry\" nor","than per year mostly as snow which stays on the ground almost the entire year. Numerous indigenous peoples occupied Alaska for thousands of years before the arrival of European peoples to the area. Linguistic and DNA studies done here have provided evidence for the settlement of North America by way","and condensation reactions. In biochemistry many enzymes employ acid catalysis. Many biologically important molecules are acids. Nucleic acids which contain acidic phosphate groups include DNA and RNA. Nucleic acids contain the genetic code that determines many of an organism's characteristics and is passed from parents to offspring. DNA contains the","Ocean Agulhas Current meet to produce an intertidal zone on which shellfish fur seal fishes and sea birds provided the necessary protein sources. The African origin of this modern behaviour is evidenced by 70000 years-old engravings from Blombos Cave South Africa. Mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) studies indicate that 80\u201360000 years ago","among multiple genes the environment and epigenetic factors which do not change DNA sequencing but are heritable and influence gene expression. Many genes have been associated with autism through sequencing the genomes of affected individuals and their parents. Studies of twins suggest that heritability is 0.7 for autism and as","play a key role in these processes. Sexual reproduction allows for more variation and provides the benefit of efficient recombinational repair of DNA damages during meiosis a key stage of the sexual cycle. However sexual reproduction is more costly than asexual reproduction. Meiosis has been shown to occur in many","However the dates obtained from by Zhivotovsky method DNA studies are several times older than that given by linguists. The route map of the people with haplogroup O2a1-M95 speaking this language can be seen in this link. Other geneticists criticise the Zhivotovsky method. Roger Blench (2009) also proposes that there","a clear profession of Christian beliefs. However he did believe in an all-powerful God that shaped events and by 1865 was expressing those beliefs in major speeches. In the 1840s Lincoln subscribed to the Doctrine of Necessity a belief that asserted the human mind was controlled by some higher power.","African under 1 t/ha and Egypt and Arabia up to 3.5 to 4 t/ha with irrigation. In contrast the average wheat yield in countries such as France is over 8 t/ha. Variations in yields are due mainly to variation in climate genetics and the level of intensive farming techniques (use","incarcerated defendant locating DNA evidence demonstrating the defendant's actual innocence. \"Appellate review\" is the general term for the process by which courts with appellate jurisdiction take jurisdiction of matters decided by lower courts. It is distinguished from judicial review which refers to the court's overriding constitutional or statutory right to","fermenting fleshy fruit releasing fragrant compounds e.g. vanilla.) In terms of the number of species Orchidaceae diversification is remarkable. However although the other Asparagales may be less rich in species they are more variable morphologically including tree-like forms. The four families excluding Boryaceae form a well-supported clade in studies based","frame and restricted location that the mummies represent their study nevertheless showed that these ancient Egyptians \"closely resembled ancient and modern Near Eastern populations especially those in the Levant and had almost no DNA from sub-Saharan Africa. What's more the genetics of the mummies remained remarkably consistent even as different","of DNA sequences by phylogenetic methods. The circumscriptions of some of the families have changed. In 2009 one of the subfamilies of Araliaceae was shown to be polyphyletic. The largest and obviously closely related families of Apiales are Araliaceae Myodocarpaceae and Apiaceae which resemble each other in the structure of","evidence exists for the replacement of phosphate in ATP or nucleic acids by arsenic. Some evidence indicates that arsenic is an essential trace mineral in birds (chickens) and in mammals (rats hamsters and goats). However the biological function is not known. Arsenic has been linked to epigenetic changes heritable changes","or are co-orbiting binaries: Rubble piles moons binaries and scattered asteroid families are thought to be the results of collisions that disrupted a parent asteroid or possibly a planet. Asteroids contain traces of amino acids and other organic compounds and some speculate that asteroid impacts may have seeded the early","are frequently appropriate platforms for what may have been APL applications in the 1970s and 1980s. Some APL users migrated to the J programming language which offers some advanced features. Lastly the decline was also due in part to the growth of MATLAB GNU Octave and Scilab. These scientific computing","small volume of material along a very short mean free path. This increases the chance of double-strand breaks to the DNA in cases of internal contamination when ingested inhaled injected or introduced through the skin. Otherwise touching an alpha source is typically not harmful as alpha particles are effectively shielded","in proteins specifically in the amino acid lysine. The anionic polymer DNA is typically bound to various amine-rich proteins. Additionally the terminal charged primary ammonium on lysine forms salt bridges with carboxylate groups of other amino acids in polypeptides which is one of the primary influences on the three-dimensional structures","several of the new COX-2 inhibitors such as rofecoxib (Vioxx) have been withdrawn in the last decade after evidence emerged that PTGS2 inhibitors increase the risk of heart attack and stroke. Endothelial cells lining the microvasculature in the body are proposed to express PTGS2 and by selectively inhibiting PTGS2 prostaglandin","are considered to have derived from the Jōmon-period cultures of the Japanese Archipelago. Their economy was based on farming as well as hunting fishing and gathering. Full-blooded Ainu compared to people of Yamato descent often have lighter skin and more body hair. Many early investigators proposed a Caucasian ancestry although","occurs in the heavy chain gene locus by a mechanism called class switch recombination (CSR). This mechanism relies on conserved nucleotide motifs called \"switch (S) regions\" found in DNA upstream of each constant region gene (except in the δ-chain). The DNA strand is broken by the activity of a series","of transcriptional regulation and the response to apoptotic signals to curtail dependence on the tissue that the cell belongs. This degree of independence from external survival signals can enable cancer metastasis. The tumor-suppressor protein p53 accumulates when DNA is damaged due to a chain of biochemical factors. Part of this","(3.2%). Saudi Arabs J1 (58%) E1b1b (7.6%) E1b1a (7.6%) R1a (5.1%) T (5.1%) G (3.2%) and L (1.9%). Emirati Arabs J (45.1%) E1b1b (11.6%) R1a (7.3%) E1b1a (5.5%) T (4.9%) R1b (4.3%) and L (3%). Omani Arabs J (47.9%) E1b1b (15.7%) R1a (9.1%) T (8.3%) E1b1a (7.4%) R1b (1.7%) G","group was reported to have been training alongside Jemaah Islamiyah militants. The plot was reported to have involved detonating a car bomb in Cebu City where the summit was scheduled to take place. On 27 December the Philippine military reported that Janjalani's remains had been recovered near Patikul in Jolo","in genetic fingerprinting and DNA microarray; proteomics the analysis of protein concentrations and modifications especially in response to various stressors at various developmental stages or in various parts of the body metabolomics which deals with metabolites; transcriptomics including mRNA and associated fields; lipidomics - lipids and its associated fields; peptidomics","nucleic acids: the dimension of the gel pores (gel concentration) size of DNA being electrophoresed the voltage used the ionic strength of the buffer and the concentration of intercalating dye such as ethidium bromide if used during electrophoresis. Smaller molecules travel faster than larger molecules in gel and double-stranded DNA","DNA and RNA. From the perspective of biochemistry ATP is classified as a nucleoside triphosphate which indicates that it consists of three components a nitrogenous base (adenine) the sugar ribose and the triphosphate. It is used in cells as a coenzyme. In terms of its structure ATP consists of an","complex (and sometimes DNA or RNA) that is recognized by the immune system of patients suffering from a specific autoimmune disease. Under normal conditions these antigens should not be the target of the immune system but in autoimmune diseases their associated T cells are not deleted and instead attack. Neoantigens","of an antibiotic but will also slow protein synthesis. manifesting in slower growth rate. In Gram-negative bacteria plasmid-mediated resistance genes produce proteins that can bind to DNA gyrase protecting it from the action of quinolones. Finally mutations at key sites in DNA gyrase or topoisomerase IV can decrease their binding","alleles with different DNA sequences that produce proteins with identical properties: more than 70 alleles are known at the ABO locus. Hence an individual with \"Type A\" blood may be an AO heterozygote an AA homozygote or an AA heterozygote with two different \"A\" alleles.) The frequency of alleles in","DNA in autosomes is collectively known as atDNA or auDNA. For example humans have a diploid genome that usually contains 22 pairs of autosomes and one allosome pair (46 chromosomes total). The autosome pairs are labeled with numbers (1\u201322 in humans) roughly in order of their sizes in base pairs","2010 he debuted in Malayalam film through \"Kandahar\" directed by Major Ravi and co-starring Mohanlal. The film was based on the hijacking incident of the Indian Airlines Flight 814. Bachchan declined any remuneration for this film. In 2013 he made his Hollywood debut in \"The Great Gatsby\" making a special","DNA. To date abzymes display only weak modest catalytic activity and have not proved to be of any practical use. They are however subjects of considerable academic interest. Studying them has yielded important insights into reaction mechanisms enzyme structure and function catalysis and the immune system itself. Enzymes function by","to kill United States President Barack Obama. On May 1 2011 in Washington D.C. (May 2 Pakistan Standard Time) U.S. President Barack Obama announced that Osama bin Laden had been killed by \"a small team of Americans\" acting under Obama's direct orders in a covert operation in Abbottabad Pakistan about","of bacteria. Phage therapy infects pathogenic bacteria with their own viruses bacteriophages and their host ranges are extremely specific for certain bacteria thus they do not disturb the host organism and intestinal microflora unlike antibiotics. Bacteriophages also known simply as phages infect and can kill bacteria and affect bacterial growth","place of proper nucleotides and establish non-canonical base-pairing leading to errors (mostly point mutations) in DNA replication and DNA transcription. This is due to their isosteric chemistry. One common mutagenic base analog is 5-bromouracil which resembles thymine but can base-pair to guanine in its enol form. Other chemicals known as","types of biological warfare agents. Special attention has to be laid on future experiments (of concern) that: Most of the biosecurity concerns in synthetic biology however are focused on the role of DNA synthesis and the risk of producing genetic material of lethal viruses (e.g. 1918 Spanish flu polio) in","musteloid. The cladogram is based on molecular phylogeny of six genes in Flynn 2005. The phylogeny of extant bear species is shown in a cladogram based on complete mitochondrial DNA sequences from Yu et al. 2007. The giant panda followed by the spectacled bear are clearly the oldest species. The","(1981) lists 86 different types and even as many as 90 have been proposed. However recent DNA analysis has identified as few as five main clades which contain all extant brown bears while a 2017 phylogenetic study revealed nine clades including one representing polar bears. As of 2005 16 extant","one part of the ancestry of the Dutch people - together with the Frisians Franks and Saxons - by tracing patterns of DNA. Echoes of this cultural continuity can still be found among various","technique called Clustered Regularly Interspaced Short Palindromic Repeat (CRISPR) is now so cheap and widely available that scientists fear that the amateurs will start experimenting with them. In this technique a DNA sequence is cut off and replaced with a new sequence or code that codes for a particular protein","that the former contain organic material which can be used for radiocarbon dating or extraction and sequencing of DNA protein or other biomolecules. Additionally isotope ratios can provide much information about the ecological conditions under which extinct animals lived. Subfossils are useful for studying the evolutionary history of an environment","are the cetaceans (whales dolphins and porpoises). Recent DNA analysis suggests that cetaceans evolved from within the even-toed ungulates and that they share a common ancestor with the hippopotamus. About 23 million years ago another group of bearlike land mammals started returning to the sea. These were the seals. What","atmospheric characterization of exoplanets in circumstellar habitable zones. Planetary spectroscopic data will be obtained from telescopes like WFIRST and ELT. In August 2011 findings by NASA based on studies of meteorites found on Earth suggest DNA and RNA components (adenine guanine and related organic molecules) building blocks for life as","reactive oxygen species produced by ultraviolet A (UVA) which has energy too low to damage DNA directly. This is why ultraviolet at all wavelengths can damage DNA and is capable of causing cancer and (for UVB) skin burns (sunburn) that are far worse than would be produced by simple heating","also known as titin which is involved in striated muscle formation. In nature DNA molecules can be much bigger than protein molecules and therefore potentially be referred to with much longer chemical names. For example the wheat chromosome 3B contains almost 1 billion base pairs so the sequence of one","Lac Repressor) closer to the DNA to increase their attraction and enable them to bind as well as steric effect which exclude the Crowder proteins from this region (Lac operator region). Blocker proteins participate in 1-D diffusion only i.e. bind to and diffuse along the DNA contour and not in","on mitochondrial and nuclear DNA sequences resulted in substantial revisions being made to the taxonomy. Several groups of birds that had previously been assigned to other families were found to be related to the finches. The Neotropical \"Euphonia\" and the \"Chlorophonia\" were formerly placed in the tanager family Thraupidae due","of new materials (such as carbon nanotubes) nanobiology and DNA technology and the design of machines for molecular manufacturing. The prizes have been notable for influencing the direction of nanotechnology research as a field. The Prizes were named in honor of the 1965 Prizewinner in Physics Richard Feynman and concepts","with Stephen Frears (\"My Beautiful Laundrette\") and Mike Newell with \"Dance with a Stranger\" (1985). John Boorman who had been working in the US was encouraged back to the UK to make \"Hope and Glory\" (1987). Channel Four also became a major sponsor of the British Film Institute's Production Board","mitochondrial DNA tracing female descent is 84% Scottish / Irish. Of the approximately 48000 inhabitants of the Faroe Islands (16921 private households (2004)) 98% are Danish realm citizens meaning Faroese Danish or Greenlandic. By birthplace one can derive the following origins of the inhabitants: born on the Faroes 91.7% in","molecular oxygen into reactive oxygen which triggers apoptosis in the HeLa cells and other cancer cells that can absorb the fullerene molecule. This research shows that a reactive substance can target cancer cells and then be triggered by light radiation minimizing damage to surrounding tissues while undergoing treatment. When absorbed","networks (Elisa Oyj Telia Finland and DNA Oyj). There are several smaller providers which may have independent networks in smaller areas but are generally dependent on rented networks. There is a great variety of cellular providers and contracts and competition is particularly fierce. International: Country code \u2013 358; 2 submarine","of the islands. However in 2009 this hypothesis was disproved when DNA analysis identified the Falkland Island wolf's closest living relative as the maned wolf (\"Chrysocyon brachyurus\") \u2013 an unusually long-legged fox-like South American canid from which it separated about 6.7 million years ago. It would seem that the lineages","Scientists who probed through a Greenland glacier to recover the oldest plant DNA on record said that the planet was far warmer hundreds of thousands of years ago than is generally believed. DNA of trees plants spiders and insects including butterflies from beneath the southern Greenland glacier was estimated to","used for genealogical research. Three DNA types are of particular interest: mitochondrial DNA that we all possess and that is passed down with only minor mutations through the matrilineal (direct female) line; the Y-chromosome present only in males which is passed down with only minor mutations through the patrilineal (direct","good general purpose solvent. It is found in paints tinctures markers and personal care products such as mouthwashes perfumes and deodorants. However polysaccharides precipitate from aqueous solution in the presence of alcohol and ethanol precipitation is used for this reason in the purification of DNA and RNA. Because of its","cells which is the main cause of skin cancer. UV rays in the middle range can irreparably damage the complex DNA molecules in the cells producing thymine dimers making it a very potent mutagen. The Sun emits significant UV radiation (about 10% of its total power) including extremely short wavelength","with the genetic code for living organisms. According to James D. Watson's memoir \"DNA the Secret of Life\" Schrödinger's book gave Watson the inspiration to research the gene which led to the discovery of the DNA double helix structure in 1953. Similarly Francis Crick in his autobiographical book \"What Mad","regulatory proteins DNA and RNA polymerases and other substances essential for nuclear activities must be imported from the cytoplasm. The nuclear envelope of a typical mammalian cell contains 3000\u20134000 pore complexes. If the cell is synthesizing DNA each pore complex needs to transport about 100 histone molecules per minute. If","changes in the DNA sequence often a result of environmental or dietary damage to the histone receptors within the cell. Current research has shown that epigenetic pharmaceuticals could be a putative replacement or adjuvant therapy for currently accepted treatment methods such as radiation and chemotherapy or could enhance the effects","blood analysis DNA fingerprinting and forensic firearm examination are common kinds of expert evidence heard in serious criminal cases. In civil cases the work of accident analysis forensic engineers and forensic accountants is usually important the latter to assess damages and costs in long and complex cases. Intellectual property and","DNA and proteins. The similarities between all present day organisms indicate the presence of a common ancestor from which all known species living and extinct have diverged through the process of evolution. More than 99 percent of all species amounting to over five billion species that ever lived on Earth","producer and then-editor on radio soap opera \"The Archers\" was announced to be taking over the role. Treadwell-Collins left on 6 May and O'Connor's first credited episode was broadcast on 11 July Although O'Connor's first credited episode aired in July his own creative work was not seen onscreen until late","one of 14 \"ancestral population clusters\". The research also located a possible origin of modern human migration in south-western Africa near the coastal border of Namibia and Angola. The fossil evidence was insufficient for archaeologist Richard Leakey to resolve the debate about exactly where in Africa modern humans first appeared.","the genome being intergenic DNA. This can provide a practical advantage in omics-aided health care (such as precision medicine) because it makes commercialized whole exome sequencing a smaller and less expensive challenge than commercialized whole genome sequencing. The large variation in genome size and C-value across life forms has posed","separates us from chimpanzees must be encoded in that very small amount of DNA including our behaviors. Students that study animal behaviors have only identified intraspecific examples of gene-dependent behavioral phenotypes. In voles (Microtus spp.) minor genetic differences have been identified in a vasopressin receptor gene that corresponds to major","tour that was announced for 2016 with the band playing the Pyramid Stage at Glastonbury Festival on 26 June 2016. In 2017 they played their \"Alone in the Universe\" tour. In 2017 they played at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame during the 32nd Annual Induction Ceremony. When ELO","in a Rossmann-like topology. This structure is also found in the catalytic domains of topoisomerase Ia topoisomerase II the OLD-family nucleases and DNA repair proteins related to the RecR protein. The primase used by archaea and eukaryotes in contrast contains a highly derived version of the RNA recognition motif (RRM).","raped; however later expert testimony disputed this finding despite trace amounts of sperm DNA found on a pair of pants recovered from the scene. Prosecution experts claim Byers' wounds were the results of a knife attack and that he had been purposely castrated by the murderer; defense experts claim the","delete them along with several opponents the D.A.T.S. must face like the demonic Belphemon and the tyrannical King Drasil who threaten to destroy both worlds. The English version was dubbed by Studiopolis and it premiered on the Jetix block on Toon Disney on October 1 2007. Digivolution in \"Data Squad\"","his sleep about jumping from a plane leaving his fingerprints on the \"aft stairs\". He also reportedly told her that an old knee injury had been incurred by \"jumping out of a plane\". Like the hijacker Weber drank bourbon and chain smoked. Other circumstantial evidence included a 1979 trip to","DNA which is viewed metaphorically as a text containing word-like units. Throughout science the term decipherment is synonymous with the understanding of biological and chemical phenomena. In many cases a multilingual artifact is necessary to facilitate decipherment the Rosetta Stone being the classic example. Statistical techniques provide another pathway to","who work in a top-secret vault on the fourth floor of the J. Edgar Hoover Building in Washington. This one stores the profiles of tens of thousands of Americans and legal residents who are not accused of any crime. What they have done is appear to be acting suspiciously to","DLPI<br> DLT<br> DLUR/DLUS<br> DLZ1<br> dm<br> DMA<br> DMAD<br> dmake<br> DMALGOL<br> DME<br> DMI<br> DML<br> DMM<br> DMTF -- DONE<br> DMZ<br> DNA computing<br> DNF<br> DNIS<br> DNIX<br> DNOS<br> DNS<br> do<br> DOA<br> Doc<br> doc<br> docking station<br> DOCMaker<br> doco<br> DOCSIS<br> document<br> documentation<br> Document Examiner<br> Document Image Processing<br> Document Object Model<br> Document Style Semantics and Specification Language<br> Document","results of DNA analysis shows several phylogenetic divisions: Foxes are generally smaller than other members of the family Canidae such as wolves jackals and domestic dogs. For example in the largest species the red fox males weigh on average between while the smallest species the fennec fox weighs just .","mitochondrial and nuclear DNA revealed that the ancient cats evolved into eight main lineages that diverged in the course of at least 10 migrations (in both directions) from continent to continent via the Bering land bridge and the Isthmus of Panama with the \"Panthera\" genus being the oldest and the","Crick in guiding them towards a correct molecular model. The key problem for Watson and Crick which could not be resolved by the data from King's College was to guess how the nucleotide bases pack into the core of the DNA double helix. Another key to finding the correct structure","widely separated in time. He regards it as too unlikely that genes could have developed fully blown in one process because of the biochemistry. He proposes that in a primitive early cell containing ATP and AMP DNA was invented accidentally because of the similarity of the two. Current cells contain","a DNA sequence within a chromosome is known as a locus. If the DNA sequence at a locus varies between individuals the different forms of this sequence are called alleles. DNA sequences can change through mutations producing new alleles. If a mutation occurs within a gene the new allele may","a Human/Dalek hybrid. The Cult then set about creating \"Human Daleks\" by \"formatting\" the brains of a few thousand captured humans with the intention of producing hybrids which remain fully human in appearance but with Dalek minds. Dalek Sec however starts to become so human that he changes the DNA","space and manipulation of basic biology through altered DNA RNA and proteins e.g.- \"three parent baby where baby is born from genetically modified embryos would have DNA from a mother a father and from a female donor. Correspondingly new bioethics also need to address life at its core. For example","parts of Ecuador Amerindian beliefs and Catholicism are sometimes syncretized. Most festivals and annual parades are based on religious celebrations many incorporating a mixture of rites and icons. There is a small number of Eastern Orthodox Christians Amerindian religions Muslims (see Islam in Ecuador) Buddhists and Bahá'í. According to their","had three mothers: one provided the egg another the DNA and a third carried the cloned embryo to term. She was created using the technique of somatic cell nuclear transfer where the cell nucleus from an adult cell is transferred into an unfertilized oocyte (developing egg cell) that has had","activity is called a \"holoenzyme\" (or haloenzyme). The term \"holoenzyme\" can also be applied to enzymes that contain multiple protein subunits such as the DNA polymerases; here the holoenzyme is the complete complex containing all the subunits needed for activity. Coenzymes are small organic molecules that can be loosely or","2011 2015) have supported African savannah and forest elephants' status as separate species. The two species are believed to have diverged 6 million years ago. In 2017 DNA sequence analysis showed that \"L. cyclotis\" is more closely related to the extinct \"Palaeoloxodon antiquus\" than it is to \"L. africana\" possibly","recovered wreck revealed that the water brake had deployed after the accident as a result of stored accumulator pressure; Campbell would not have had time to deploy the relatively slow-moving brake as the boat flipped out of control. The boat still contained fuel in the engine fuel lines discounting the","1000-year-old Al-Azhar University one","condition that can be determined only in someone who is still alive; and denied drugs played any part in Presley's death before the toxicology results were known. Allegations of a cover-up were widespread. While a 1981 trial of Presley's main physician Dr. George Nichopoulos exonerated him of criminal liability for","cystic fibrosis haemophilia muscular dystrophy thalassemia and sickle cell anemia. Glybera treats one such disease caused by a defect in lipoprotein lipase. DNA must be administered reach the damaged cells enter the cell and either express or disrupt a protein. Multiple delivery techniques have been explored. The initial approach incorporated","living species in its genus and family. Some recent DNA analyses have suggested that certain rorquals of the family Balaenopteridae such as the humpback whale \"Megaptera novaeangliae\" and fin whale \"Balaenoptera physalus\" are more closely related to the gray whale than they are to some other rorquals such as the","(injection of donor bacterial DNA by a bacteriophage virus into a recipient host bacterium). In transformation the genetic material passes through the intervening medium and uptake is completely dependent on the recipient bacterium. As of 2014 about 80 species of bacteria were known to be capable of transformation about evenly","cellular proteins and deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) would be destroyed. The optimal temperature for thermophilic bacteria was placed even lower around . However the observations proved that it is actually possible for life to exist at high temperatures and that some bacteria even prefer temperatures higher than the boiling point of","While similar in appearance to Saluki (Persian Greyhound) or Sloughi (tombs at Beni Hassan c. 2000 BC) analyses of DNA reported in 2004 suggest that the Greyhound may not be closely related to these breeds but is a close relative of herding dogs. Historical literature on the first sighthound in","based on sequence homology and functional similarity: An early study based on available DNA sequence suggested that the human genome encodes roughly 750 G protein\u2013coupled receptors about 350 of which detect hormones growth factors and other endogenous ligands. Approximately 150 of the GPCRs found in the human genome have unknown","contact) and transduction (injection of foreign DNA by a bacteriophage virus into the host bacterium). In transformation the genetic material passes through the intervening medium and uptake is completely dependent on the recipient bacterium. As of 2014 about 80 species of bacteria were known to be capable of transformation about","more recently through mutagenesis. Genetic engineering as the direct manipulation of DNA by humans outside breeding and mutations has only existed since the 1970s. The term \"genetic engineering\" was first coined by Jack Williamson in his science fiction novel \"Dragon's Island\" published in 1951 \u2013 one year before DNA's role","of the first transgenic models of human disease including the first carcinoma caused by a transgene. The process of genetically engineering animals is a slow tedious and expensive process. However new technologies are making genetic modifications easier and more precise. The first transgenic (genetically modified) animal was produced by injecting","structure of base-pairing while UV radiation induces mutations by causing damage to the DNA structure. Chemical damage to DNA occurs naturally as well and cells use DNA repair mechanisms to repair mismatches and breaks. The repair does not however always restore the original sequence. In organisms that use chromosomal crossover","crocodiles. On 8 August 2011 a report based on NASA studies with meteorites found on Earth was","DNA (or RNA in RNA viruses). The genome includes both the genes (the coding regions) and the noncoding DNA as well as the genetic material of the mitochondria and chloroplasts. A genome is all the genetic information of an organism. For example the human genome is analogous to the instructions","known as codon usage bias can vary from species to species with functional implications for the control of translation. The following codon usage table is for the human genome. The DNA codon table is essentially identical to that for RNA but with U replaced by T. In some proteins non-standard","the developing embryo only mothers can pass on mitochondrial DNA conditions to their children. An example of this type of disorder is Leber's hereditary optic neuropathy. It is important to stress that the vast majority of mitochondrial disease (particularly when symptoms develop in early life) is actually caused by an","on Frankish soil along the Lower Seine River valley in what is now France that became known as Normandy. Hence they became the Normans. They established the Duchy of Normandy a territorial acquisition which provided them the opportunity to expand beyond Normandy into Anglo-Saxon England. The subsequent Norman Conquest which","genetic programming as a technique to model DNA expression. In the 1990s GP was mainly used to solve relatively simple problems because it is very computationally intensive. Recently GP has produced many novel and outstanding results in areas such as quantum computing electronic design game playing cyberterrorism prevention sorting and","St Paul's Cathedral and more than fifty London churches. King Charles ll did much to foster the rebuilding work. He was a","however in the human form.\" In 2010 the journal \"Science\" reported that the golden ratio is present at the atomic scale in the magnetic resonance of spins in cobalt niobate crystals. Since 1991 several researchers have proposed connections between the golden ratio and human genome DNA. However some have argued","in modified DNA (and subsequently new proteins and phenotypes). In humans a normal ovum can carry only an X chromosome (of the X and Y chromosomes) whereas a sperm may carry either an X or a Y (a non-normal ovum can end up carrying two or no X chromosomes as","DNA of gorillas is highly similar to that of humans from 95\u201399% depending on what is counted and they are the next closest living relatives to humans after the chimpanzees and bonobos. Gorillas' natural habitats cover tropical or subtropical forests in Sub-Saharan Africa. Although their range covers a small percentage","transforming principle (DNA) was verified in the experiments done by Avery McLeod and McCarty and by Hershey","acids the direction of migration from negative to positive electrodes is due to the naturally occurring negative charge carried by their sugar-phosphate backbone. Double-stranded DNA fragments naturally behave as long rods so their migration through the gel is relative to their size or for cyclic fragments their radius of gyration.","differ at one DNA base for example where the sequence AAGCCTA changes to AAGCTTA. This contains two alleles : C and T. SNPs typically have three genotypes denoted generically AA Aa and aa. In the example above the three genotypes would be CC CT and TT. Other types of genetic","Masai Angolan and South African giraffe. The study deduced from genetic differences in nuclear and mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) that giraffes from these populations are reproductively isolated and rarely interbreed though no natural obstacles block their mutual access. This includes adjacent populations of Rothschild's reticulated and Masai giraffes. The Masai giraffe","last two birds from 1844 are stored in the Zoological Museum Copenhagen. The whereabouts of the skins from the last two individuals has been unknown for more than a hundred years however that mystery has been partly resolved using DNA extracted from the organs of the last individuals and the","was severely limited. In the 1990s however several laws (including gun control and the removal of resident humans from the reserves) helped their chances of survival. With these renewed efforts and improved conservation methods wild pandas have started to increase in numbers in some areas though they still are classified","dehydration vacuum and acid and is thus known as a polyextremophile. \"D. radiodurans\" is competent to perform genetic transformation. Recipient cells are able to repair DNA damage in donor transforming DNA that had been UV irradiated as efficiently as they repair cellular DNA when the cells themselves are irradiated. The","encystation in \"E. invadens\" DNA replication increases initially and then slows down. On completion of encystation predominantly tetra-nucleate cysts are formed along with some uni- bi- and tri-nucleate cysts. Uni-nucleated trophozoites convert into cysts in a process called encystation. The number of nuclei in the cyst varies from 1 to","contain their own small supply of DNA which may be remnants of the genome the organelles had when they were independent aerobic bacteria. The single most convincing evidence of the descent of organelles from bacteria is the position of mitochondria and plastid DNA sequences in phylogenetic trees of bacteria. Mitochondria","any of the gene family which comprises five receptors in \"Arabidopsis\" and at least six in tomato can confer insensitivity to ethylene. Loss-of-function mutations in multiple members of the ethylene-receptor family result in a plant that exhibits constitutive ethylene responses. DNA sequences for ethylene receptors have also been identified in","DNA molecules. Nitrate esters such as nitroglycerin are known for their explosive properties while polyesters are important plastics with monomers linked by ester moieties. The word 'ester' was coined in 1848 by a German chemist Leopold Gmelin probably as a contraction of the German \"Essigäther\" \"acetic ether\". Ester names are"],"title":["Chloroplast","Chromosome","Carcinogen","Cell biology","Chromatography","Carolina parakeet","Capsid","Chrono Trigger","Cnidaria","Denaturation (biochemistry)","Dodo","Dinosaur","Down syndrome","Dennis Ritchie","Developmental biology","Duesberg hypothesis","Diana (mythology)","DNA ligase","Druze","Dhole","Diego Maradona","DNA","Common chimpanzee","Charcot\u2013Marie\u2013Tooth disease","Deutsches Institut für Normung","Digital Equipment Corporation","Double jeopardy","Dilbert","Digitalis","Traditional Chinese medicine","Cell nucleus","Chemical reaction","Chemical engineering","Cytosine","Chaos theory","Centromere","Cell cycle","Clark Kent","Hypothetical types of biochemistry","Complementary DNA","Color blindness","Cyprinidae","Coal tar","Cushitic languages","Chromatin","Chipmunk","Chlamydia infection","Cloning","Cyclic adenosine monophosphate","Chemotherapy","Caffeine","Chagas disease","Caravaggio","Calreticulin","DNA virus","Chordate","Zebrafish","Common descent","Code","Inedia","Computing","Chemistry","Carl Linnaeus","Carbon","Capital punishment","Carbohydrate","Confucius","Chalcogen","Computation","Comet","Citric acid cycle","Ciprofloxacin","Coyote","Canidae","Subspecies of Canis lupus","Cistron","Cytosol","Demographics of Costa Rica","Christopher Columbus","Chromium","History of Cuba","Black people","Blood libel","Blue whale","Basenji","Bacillus","House of Bonaparte","Background radiation","Biomedical engineering","Craig Venter","Cholera","Centriole","Crystallography","Alkyne","Agarose","Aurochs","Astrobiology","Azawakh","Ames test","Asexual reproduction","American Quarter Horse","Bacterial conjugation","Black Death","Bongo (antelope)","Biotechnology","Bison","Blue","Bacterial vaginosis","Alpha helix","Antioxidant","Dutch hip hop","Adrian Lamo","Azores","Alcopop","Biochemistry","Bell Labs","Brain","Battle of Bosworth Field","Bit","Beryllium","Bermuda","Bryozoa","Bird","Cell (biology)","Bioinformatics","Bacteriophage","Bigfoot","Biopolymer","Botany","Bali","Amino acid","Alcohol","Alan Turing","Alps","African Americans","Basques","Alaska","Acid","Atlantic Ocean","Autism","Algae","Austroasiatic languages","Abraham Lincoln","Agriculture","Appellate procedure in the United States","Asparagales","Ancient Egypt","Apiales","Arsenic","Asteroid","APL (programming language)","Alpha decay","Amine","Aspirin","Ainu people","Antibody","Apoptosis","Arabs","Abu Sayyaf","Analytical chemistry","Agarose gel electrophoresis","Adenosine triphosphate","Antigen","Antimicrobial resistance","Allele","Autosome","Amitabh Bachchan","Abzyme","Al-Qaeda","Antibiotics","Base pair","Bioterrorism","Bear","Brown bear","Batavi (Germanic tribe)","Biological warfare","Fossil","Fin","Extraterrestrial life","Electromagnetic radiation","Longest word in English","Facilitated diffusion","Finch","Foresight Institute","Cinema of the United Kingdom","Demographics of the Faroe Islands","Fullerene","Telecommunications in Finland","History of the Falkland Islands","Greenland","Genealogy","Ethanol","Electromagnetic spectrum","Erwin Schrödinger","Endomembrane system","Experimental cancer treatment","Expert witness","Timeline of the evolutionary history of life","EastEnders","Human evolution","Exon","Emotion","Electric Light Orchestra","DNA replication","West Memphis Three","Digimon","D. B. Cooper","Decipherment","Federal Bureau of Investigation","Wikipedia:Free On-line Dictionary of Computing/C - D","Fox","Felidae","Francis Crick","Freeman Dyson","Evolution","Dalek","Ethics","Ecuador","Dolly (sheep)","Enzyme","Elephant","Donald Campbell","Demographics of Egypt","Elvis Presley","Gene therapy","Gray whale","Gram-positive bacteria","Geyser","Greyhound","G protein\u2013coupled receptor","Gram-negative bacteria","Genetic engineering","Genetically modified organism","Genetics","Guanine","Genome","Genetic code","Genetic disorder","Germanic peoples","Genetic programming","Great Plague of London","Golden ratio","Gamete","Gorilla","Griffith's experiment","Gel electrophoresis","Genotype","Giraffe","Great auk","Giant panda","Extremophile","Entamoeba","Endosymbiont","Ethylene","Ester"],"word":"dna","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6355","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6438","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6445","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6339","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6329","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6322","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6344","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6614","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6621","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8456","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8420","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8311","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8303","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8218","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8449","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8309","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8391","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8697","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8632","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8626","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8485","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7955","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7844","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7845","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8062","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7952","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7941","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8127","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8129","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6235","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6271","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6038","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6016","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6295","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7284","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7252","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7442","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7316","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7330","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7397","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7329","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7466","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7274","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6910","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7172","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6868","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7018","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7120","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8777","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5131","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5009","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5259","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5225","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5040","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5213","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5180","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5233","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5299","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5902","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5823","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6818","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6773","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6710","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6736","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6739","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6763","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6781","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5554","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5635","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5669","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5584","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4745","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4941","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4925","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4765","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4751","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4905","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4882","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4827","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7550","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7591","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7682","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7794","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2763","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2635","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2494","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2787","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2836","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2766","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2756","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2472","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4460","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4501","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4506","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4502","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4583","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4543","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4581","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3054","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3277","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3003","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3226","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2952","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3954","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3712","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3717","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3793","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3364","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3378","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3460","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3416","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3410","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4230","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4214","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4185","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4009","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3974","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4183","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4147","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1207","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1014","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1208","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=981","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2154","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4660","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=624","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=656","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=698","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=25","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=633","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=597","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=307","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=627","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=640","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=786","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=874","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=788","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=897","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=791","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1451","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1267","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1412","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1525","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1530","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2362","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2457","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2185","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2216","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2408","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1910","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1800","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1915","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1914","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1911","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1916","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1828","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1908","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1921","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1805","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4292","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4393","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4400","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4402","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4295","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4361","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10958","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11036","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9588","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9426","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9467","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11712","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11711","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11751","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10793","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10700","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10628","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10713","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10689","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12118","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12025","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10048","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10134","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9942","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9927","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10176","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10115","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10029","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9995","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10326","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10238","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10406","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10484","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9015","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8832","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8835","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8799","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8946","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11127","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11337","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11299","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11302","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11461","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11397","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9236","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9140","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9258","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9334","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9146","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9257","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9279","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9164","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9349","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9288","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12891","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13026","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12936","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13034","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12938","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12832","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12937","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12383","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12339","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12266","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12439","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12388","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12385","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12437","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12446","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12424","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12286","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12386","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12295","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12546","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12718","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12582","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12796","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12717","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12552","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12713","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9619","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9903","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9677","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9837","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9675"]}
	{"docID":[9015,12266],"text":["In \"E. coli\" the best-characterized bacteria DNA replication is regulated through several mechanisms including: the hemimethylation and sequestering of the origin sequence the ratio of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) to adenosine diphosphate (ADP) and the levels of protein DnaA. All these control the binding of initiator proteins to the origin sequences.","unidirectional: information is transferred from nucleotide sequences into the amino acid sequence of proteins but it never transfers from protein back into the sequence of DNA\u2014a phenomenon Francis Crick called the central dogma of molecular biology. The specific sequence of amino acids results in a unique three-dimensional structure for that"],"title":["DNA replication","Genetics"],"word":"dnaa","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9015","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12266"]}
	{"docID":[9015],"text":["another round of DNA replication. ATP builds up when the cell is in a rich medium triggering DNA replication once the cell has reached a specific size. ATP competes with ADP to bind to DnaA and the DnaA-ATP complex is able to initiate replication. A certain number of DnaA proteins"],"title":["DNA replication"],"word":"dnaaatp","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9015"]}
	{"docID":[3794],"text":["Walter Stephen Judd suggested to include the Capparaceae in the Brassicaceae. Early DNA-analysis showed that the Capparaceae - as defined at that moment - were paraphyletic and it was suggested to assign the genera closest to the Brassicaceae to the Cleomaceae. The Cleomaceae and Brassicaceae diverged approximately 41 million years"],"title":["Brassicaceae"],"word":"dnaanalysi","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3794"]}
	{"docID":[3410,7329,7955,5213,6933],"text":["DNA-based evidence finds that birds diversified dramatically around the time of the Cretaceous\u2013Palaeogene extinction event 66 million years ago which killed off the pterosaurs and all the non-avian dinosaur lineages. Birds especially those in the southern continents survived this event and then migrated to other parts of the world while","the late Paleogene when their divergence presumably occurred. A DNA-based analysis of these fish places the Rasborinae as the basal lineage with the Cyprininae as a sister clade to the Leuciscinae. The subfamilies Acheilognathinae Gobioninae and Leuciscinae are monophyletic. Unlike most fish species cyprinids generally increase in abundance in eutrophic","are DNA origami and DNA-based hybrid materials. DNA is a long polymer made from repeating units called nucleotides. The structure of DNA is dynamic along its length being capable of coiling into tight loops and other shapes. In all species it is composed of two helical chains bound to each","the consultant for computer problems beyond the knowledge of technical support staff. DNA-based computing and quantum computing are areas of active research in both hardware and software (such as the development of quantum algorithms). Potential infrastructure for future technologies includes DNA origami on photolithography and quantum antennae for transferring information","in stabilizing nucleosomes-free chromatin. The packaging of eukaryotic DNA into chromatin presents a barrier to all DNA-based processes that require recruitment of enzymes to their sites of action. To allow the critical cellular process of DNA repair the chromatin must be remodeled. In eukaryotes ATP dependent chromatin remodeling complexes and"],"title":["Bird","Cyprinidae","DNA","Computing","Chromatin"],"word":"dnabas","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3410","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7329","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7955","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5213","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933"]}
	{"docID":[4230],"text":["form. The eukaryotic cell seems to have evolved from a symbiotic community of prokaryotic cells. DNA-bearing organelles like the mitochondria and the chloroplasts are descended from ancient symbiotic oxygen-breathing proteobacteria and cyanobacteria respectively which were endosymbiosed by an ancestral archaean prokaryote. There is still considerable debate about whether organelles like"],"title":["Cell (biology)"],"word":"dnabear","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4230"]}
	{"docID":[4292,7120,6781,6329,7955],"text":["DNA-binding proteins can recognize specific base pairing patterns that identify particular regulatory regions of genes. Intramolecular base pairs can occur within single-stranded nucleic acids. This is particularly important in RNA molecules (e.g. transfer RNA) where Watson-Crick base pairs (guanine-cytosine and adenine-uracil) permit the formation of short double-stranded helices and a","the DNA-binding domain of the superfamily of nuclear receptors. The amino terminus of calreticulin interacts with the DNA-binding domain of the glucocorticoid receptor and prevents the receptor from binding to its specific glucocorticoid response element. Calreticulin can inhibit the binding of androgen receptor to its hormone-responsive DNA element and can","macromolecules such as when multiple proteins come together to form protein complexes or when DNA-binding proteins bind to their targets in the genome. Although the components of the cytosol are not separated into regions by cell membranes these components do not always mix randomly and several levels of organization can","utilizes the binding affinity of many DNA-binding proteins for phosphocellulose. The stronger a protein's interaction with DNA the higher the salt concentration needed to elute that protein. \"Planar chromatography\" is a separation technique in which the stationary phase is present as or on a plane. The plane can be a","of transcription. Other non-specific DNA-binding proteins in chromatin include the high-mobility group proteins which bind to bent or distorted DNA. These proteins are important in bending arrays of nucleosomes and arranging them into the larger structures that make up chromosomes. A distinct group of DNA-binding proteins is the DNA-binding proteins"],"title":["Base pair","Calreticulin","Cytosol","Chromatography","DNA"],"word":"dnabind","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4292","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7120","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6781","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6329","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7955"]}
	{"docID":[6295],"text":["type of encryption secret key or symmetric key relies on diffusion and confusion which is modeled well by chaos theory. Another type of computing DNA computing when paired with chaos theory offers a way to encrypt images and other information. Many of the DNA-Chaos cryptographic algorithms are proven to be"],"title":["Chaos theory"],"word":"dnachao","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6295"]}
	{"docID":[6445,2752],"text":["In addition substantial evidence implicates bile acids as an important factor in colon cancer. Twelve studies (summarized in Bernstein et al.) indicate that the bile acids deoxycholic acid (DCA) and/or lithocholic acid (LCA) induce production of DNA-damaging reactive oxygen species and/or reactive nitrogen species in human or animal colon cells.","FDA and EFSA as well as scientific bodies such as the National Cancer Institute. Aspartame did not show any DNA-damaging properties either. Concern about possible carcinogenic properties of aspartame was originally raised and popularized in the mainstream media by John Olney in the 1970s and again in 1996 by suggesting"],"title":["Carcinogen","Aspartame"],"word":"dnadamag","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6445","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2752"]}
	{"docID":[7955,8777],"text":["begin transcribing a gene the RNA polymerase binds to a sequence of DNA called a promoter and separates the DNA strands. It then copies the gene sequence into a messenger RNA transcript until it reaches a region of DNA called the terminator where it halts and detaches from the DNA.","DNA-dependent DNA polymerase. The nucleic acid is usually double-stranded DNA (dsDNA) but may also be single-stranded DNA (ssDNA). DNA viruses belong to either \"Group I\" or \"Group II\" of the Baltimore classification system for viruses. Single-stranded DNA is usually expanded to double-stranded in infected cells. Although \"Group VII\" viruses such"],"title":["DNA","DNA virus"],"word":"dnadepend","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7955","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8777"]}
	{"docID":[9015],"text":["DNA molecule. The primase used in this process differs significantly between bacteria and archaea/eukaryotes. Bacteria use a primase belonging to the DnaG protein superfamily which contains a catalytic domain of the TOPRIM fold type. The TOPRIM fold contains an α/β core with four conserved strands in a Rossmann-like topology. This"],"title":["DNA replication"],"word":"dnag","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9015"]}
	{"docID":[12388],"text":["the first DNA-genome sequence: Phage Φ-X174 of 5386 base pairs. The first complete genome sequences among all three domains of life were released within a short period during the mid-1990s: The first bacterial genome to be sequenced was that of Haemophilus influenzae completed by a team at The Institute for"],"title":["Genome"],"word":"dnagenom","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12388"]}
	{"docID":[8829],"text":["(DNAYS) was a television series produced originally by Rediffusion London then by the fledgling Thames Television for British commercial television channel ITV from 26 December 1967 to 14 May 1969. The show took its name from the message (frequently seen on the TV screen in those days) which was displayed"],"title":["Do Not Adjust Your Set"],"word":"dnai","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8829"]}
	{"docID":[7145],"text":["often have a polygonal chamber and a short passage to one end of the cairn. The Rubha an Dùnain peninsula on the island of Skye provides an example from the 2nd or 3rd millennium BC. Barpa Langass on North Uist is the best preserved chambered cairn in the Hebrides. In"],"title":["Chambered cairn"],"word":"dnain","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7145"]}
	{"docID":[12936],"text":["of important proteins (viz. DnaK GroEL). Of these two structurally distinct groups of bacteria monoderms are indicated to be ancestral. Based upon a number of observations including that the Gram-positive bacteria are the major producers of antibiotics and that in general Gram-negative bacteria are resistant to them it has been"],"title":["Gram-positive bacteria"],"word":"dnak","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12936"]}
	{"docID":[12388],"text":["genome to crowd sourced scientific endeavours such as DNA.land at the New York Genome Center an example both of the economies of scale and of citizen science. Viral genomes can be composed of either RNA or DNA. The genomes of RNA viruses can be either single-stranded or double-stranded RNA and"],"title":["Genome"],"word":"dnaland","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12388"]}
	{"docID":[4292],"text":["his team designed an unnatural base pair (UBP). The two new artificial nucleotides or \"Unnatural Base Pair\" (UBP) were named d5SICS and dNaM. More technically these artificial nucleotides bearing hydrophobic nucleobases feature two fused aromatic rings that form a (d5SICS\u2013dNaM) complex or base pair in DNA. His team designed a"],"title":["Base pair"],"word":"dnam","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4292"]}
	{"docID":[9961,8078],"text":["obstacles that have blocked his coming to Rome earlier. Paul's announcement that he is not \"ashamed\" (\"epaiscúnomai\") of his gospel because it holds power (\"dúnamis\"). These two verses form a backdrop for the rest of the book. First we note that Paul is unashamed of his love for this gospel","but decided to change the name to dynamite from the Ancient Greek word \"dýnamis\" () meaning \"power\". Nitroglycerin by itself is a very strong explosive but is extremely shock-sensitive (that is physical shock can cause it to explode) and degrades over time to even more unstable forms which makes it"],"title":["Epistle to the Romans","Dynamite"],"word":"dnami","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9961","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8078"]}
	{"docID":[5411],"text":["begonia family Begoniaceae with around 1500 species in two genera. Before modern DNA-molecular classifications some Cucurbitales species were assigned to orders as diverse as Ranunculales Malpighiales Violales and Rafflesiales. Early molecular studies revealed several surprises such as the nonmonophyly of the traditional Datiscaceae including \"Tetrameles\" and \"Octomeles\" but the exact"],"title":["Cucurbitales"],"word":"dnamolecular","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5411"]}
	{"docID":[4292],"text":["achieved by the addition of a supportive algal gene that expresses a nucleotide triphosphate transporter which efficiently imports the triphosphates of both d5SICSTP and dNaMTP into \"E. coli\" bacteria. Then the natural bacterial replication pathways use them to accurately replicate a plasmid containing d5SICS\u2013dNaM. Other researchers were surprised that the"],"title":["Base pair"],"word":"dnamtp","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4292"]}
	{"docID":[7955,6910,6235,11712],"text":["be non-specific or the protein can bind specifically to a single DNA sequence. Enzymes can also bind to DNA and of these the polymerases that copy the DNA base sequence in transcription and DNA replication are particularly important. Structural proteins that bind DNA are well-understood examples of non-specific DNA-protein interactions.","that Dolly the sheep had pathologies resembling accelerated aging. Scientists speculated that Dolly's death in 2003 was related to the shortening of telomeres DNA-protein complexes that protect the end of linear chromosomes. However other researchers including Ian Wilmut who led the team that successfully cloned Dolly argue that Dolly's early","structures called chromosomes. Each human cell contains roughly two meters of DNA. During most of the cell cycle these are organized in a DNA-protein complex known as chromatin and during cell division the chromatin can be seen to form the well-defined chromosomes familiar from a karyotype. A small fraction of","searching time by increasing the DNA-protein affinity. Oxygen binds with red blood cells in the blood stream. The oxygen affinity with hemoglobin on red blood cell surfaces enhances this bonding ability. In a system of facilitated diffusion of oxygen there is a tight relationship between the ligand which is oxygen"],"title":["DNA","Cloning","Cell nucleus","Facilitated diffusion"],"word":"dnaprotein","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7955","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6910","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6235","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11712"]}
	{"docID":[4292,4230,4501,1207],"text":["life forms based on a different DNA code. The following abbreviations are commonly used to describe the length of a D/RNA molecule: For case of single-stranded DNA/RNA units of nucleotides are used abbreviated nt (or knt Mnt Gnt) as they are not paired. For distinction between units of computer storage","from amino acid building blocks based on information encoded in DNA/RNA. Protein synthesis generally consists of two major steps: transcription and translation. Transcription is the process where genetic information in DNA is used to produce a complementary RNA strand. This RNA strand is then processed to give messenger RNA (mRNA)","open-access scientific journal \"PLoS Pathogens\" published a paper by a multinational team who undertook a new investigation into the role of \"Yersinia pestis\" in the Black Death following the disputed identification by Drancourt and Raoult in 1998. They assessed the presence of DNA/RNA with polymerase chain reaction (PCR) techniques for","that make up proteins. They join together to form short polymer chains called peptides or longer chains called either polypeptides or proteins. These polymers are linear and unbranched with each amino acid within the chain attached to two neighboring amino acids. The process of making proteins encoded by DNA/RNA genetic"],"title":["Base pair","Cell (biology)","Black Death","Amino acid"],"word":"dnarna","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4292","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4230","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4501","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1207"]}
	{"docID":[4460],"text":["donor and a recipient strain is DNase resistant and the transferred DNA is incorporated into the recipient chromosome by homologous recombination. However unlike \"E. coli\" Hfr conjugation mycobacterial conjugation is chromosome rather than plasmid based. Furthermore in contrast to \"E. coli\" Hfr conjugation in \"M. smegmatis\" all regions of the"],"title":["Bacterial conjugation"],"word":"dnase","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4460"]}
	{"docID":[2494],"text":["National Park in Denmark and in the Hungarian Hortobágy National Park. The program in Hungary also includes Hungarian Grey cattle and Watusi. The Dutch-based Tauros Programme (initially TaurOs Project) is trying to DNA-sequence breeds of primitive cattle to find gene sequences that match those found in \"ancient DNA\" from aurochs"],"title":["Aurochs"],"word":"dnasequ","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2494"]}
	{"docID":[4214],"text":["collection of the functional elements of the human genome that uses next-generation DNA-sequencing technologies and genomic tiling arrays technologies able to automatically generate large amounts of data at a dramatically reduced per-base cost but with the same accuracy (base call error) and fidelity (assembly error). Evolutionary biology is the study"],"title":["Bioinformatics"],"word":"dnasequenc","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4214"]}
	{"docID":[11461],"text":["the results of her detailed analysis of her X-ray diffraction data which were included in the progress report. However Watson and Crick found fault in her steadfast assertion that according to her data a helical structure was not the only possible shape for DNA\u2014so they had a dilemma. In an"],"title":["Francis Crick"],"word":"dnaso","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11461"]}
	{"docID":[4183],"text":["from the medieval Muslim world include Ibn Wahshiyya's \"Nabatean Agriculture\" Abū Ḥanīfa Dīnawarī's (828\u2013896) the \"Book of Plants\" and Ibn Bassal's \"The Classification of Soils\". In the early 13th century Abu al-Abbas al-Nabati and Ibn al-Baitar (d. 1248) wrote on botany in a systematic and scientific manner. In the mid-16th"],"title":["Botany"],"word":"dnawar","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4183"]}
	{"docID":[8013],"text":["Bader introduced MAF based encoding (MAFE) which reduces the heterogeneity of the dataset by sorting SNPs by their minor allele frequency thus homogenizing the dataset. Other algorithms in 2009 and 2013 (DNAZip and GenomeZip) have compression ratios of up to 1200-fold\u2014allowing 6 billion basepair diploid human genomes to be stored"],"title":["Data compression"],"word":"dnazip","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8013"]}
	{"docID":[7955],"text":["there are new methods to test paternity while a mother is still pregnant. Deoxyribozymes also called DNAzymes or catalytic DNA are first discovered in 1994. They are mostly single stranded DNA sequences isolated from a large pool of random DNA sequences through a combinatorial approach called in vitro selection or"],"title":["DNA"],"word":"dnazym","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7955"]}
	{"docID":[8092],"text":["\"DnB\" or \"D'n'B\") is a genre and branch of electronic music which emerged from rave and jungle scenes in England during the early 1990s. The style is often characterised by fast breakbeats (typically 160\u2013180 beats per minute) with heavy bass and sub-bass lines sampled sources and synthesizers. The popularity of"],"title":["Drum and bass"],"word":"dnb","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8092"]}
	{"docID":[8092],"text":["drumfunk funkstep sambass dnbnoise and drill 'n' bass. From its roots in the UK the style has established itself around the world. Drum and bass has influenced many other genres like hip hop big beat dubstep house trip hop ambient music techno rock and pop. Drum and bass is dominated"],"title":["Drum and bass"],"word":"dnbnois","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8092"]}
	{"docID":[11121,4157],"text":["release a public statement expressing regret. Napolitano was later suspended by Fox News for making the claim. In January 2017 the Daily Caller published a video which encouraged violence against protesters. The video was subsequently reposted by Fox Nation an offshoot of Fox News' website. The video in question showed","Developers at Startups.\" LinkedIn's methodology involved a career-path examination of \"millions of alumni profiles\" in its membership database. Brown ranked seventh in the country (between Princeton and Columbia) in a study of high school seniors' revealed preferences for matriculation conducted by economists at Harvard Wharton and Boston University and published"],"title":["Fox News","Brown University"],"word":"dnc","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11121","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4157"]}
	{"docID":[8060],"text":["European Union and the Caribbean Community via the Caribbean Forum. Congress authorizes a combined military force of 44000 active duty personnel. Actual active duty strength is approximately 32000. Approximately 50% of those are used for non-military activities such as security providers for government-owned non-military facilities highway toll stations prisons forestry"],"title":["Dominican Republic"],"word":"dncd","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8060"]}
	{"docID":[9686],"text":["or \"kikki\") and lentils (\"ምስር\" \"məsər\" or \"birsin\"); or vegetables such as potatoes (\"ድንች\" \"Dənəch\") carrots and chard (ቆስጣ) are also used instead in vegan dishes. Each variation is named by appending the main ingredient to the type of wat (e.g. \"kek alicha wat\"). However the word \"keiy\" is usually"],"title":["Ethiopian cuisine"],"word":"dnch","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686"]}
	{"docID":[3611,7940],"text":["(CIDA) and the Department of National Defence (DND). Canada strongly supports the signing of the Dayton Agreement hoping it can help bring more stability to the region. Through the Canadian International Development Agency Canada has given more than CA$ 144 million in development assistance. Exports of Bosnia and Herzegovina to","or DnD) is a fantasy tabletop role-playing game (RPG) originally designed by Gary Gygax and Dave Arneson. It was first published in 1974 by Tactical Studies Rules Inc. (TSR). The game has been published by Wizards of the Coast (now a subsidiary of Hasbro) since 1997. It was derived from"],"title":["Foreign relations of Bosnia and Herzegovina","Dungeons &amp; Dragons"],"word":"dnd","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3611","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7940"]}
	{"docID":[3776],"text":["inferior elements of the alliance but they strongly objected to the presence of other NATO troops on Bornholm in particular of US troops. On the surface of Bornholm older formations can be seen better than in the rest of Denmark. \"Stubbeløkken\" - which is still operating (Danish \"i drift\") -"],"title":["Bornholm"],"word":"dndalen","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3776"]}
	{"docID":[11600],"text":["of the Cyrillic script. There also exist several romanization systems for Persian. After the Muslim conquest of Persia it took approximately 150 years before Persians adopted the Arabic script in place of the older alphabet. Previously two different scripts were used Pahlavi used for Middle Persian and the Avestan alphabet"],"title":["Persian language"],"word":"dndapirak","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11600"]}
	{"docID":[5907],"text":["done in the gold \"Cooper Black\" font of the \"Cheers\" credits (which was a highly popular font for sitcoms of the early-to-mid-1980s). The is named for Norm Peterson due to Armin Shimerman calling the originally nameless character \"Norm\" between takes. The theatrical play \"Cheers: Live On Stage\" reenacts a condensed"],"title":["Cheers"],"word":"dnde","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907"]}
	{"docID":[4836],"text":["recorded with the reformed Kaygısızlar for a short period. In 1971 his early works were compiled under his first full-length album \"Dünden Bugüne\" today commonly referred as \"Dağlar Dağlar\". In 1972 he formed Kurtalan Ekspres a legend by itself the band that would accompany him until his death. In 1975"],"title":["Barış Manço"],"word":"dnden","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4836"]}
	{"docID":[8131],"text":["δένδρον \"déndron\" \"tree\") also dendrons are branched protoplasmic extensions of a nerve cell that propagate the electrochemical stimulation received from other neural cells to the cell body or soma of the neuron from which the dendrites project. Electrical stimulation is transmitted onto dendrites by upstream neurons (usually their axons) via synapses which are located at various points"],"title":["Dendrite"],"word":"dndron","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8131"]}
	{"docID":[9630],"text":["change in population size (\"dN/dT\") is equal to growth (\"aN\") that is limited by carrying capacity (1 \u2013 \"N\"/\"K\"). Population ecology builds upon these introductory models to further understand demographic processes in real study populations. Commonly used types of data include life history fecundity and survivorship and these are analysed using mathematical"],"title":["Ecology"],"word":"dndt","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630"]}
	{"docID":[10596,12401,4396,7890,5321],"text":["and Düne in the North Sea. The third Frisian language Saterland Frisian a variant of East Frisan is only spoken in four villages in the Saterland which ironically lie just outside the borders of East Frisia where apart from German East Frisian Low Saxon which is not a Frisian language","on graph theory was written by Dénes Kőnig and published in 1936. Another book by Frank Harary published in 1969 was \"considered the world over to be the definitive textbook on the subject\" and enabled mathematicians chemists electrical engineers and social scientists to talk to each other. Harary donated all","trimmed $800 million from the B-2 research and development budget while at the same time staving off a motion to end the project. Opposition in committee and in Congress was mostly broad and bipartisan with Congressmen Ron Dellums (D-CA) John Kasich (R-OH) and John G. Rowland (R-CT) authorizing the motion to","Dutch \"dūne\". Dunes are made of sand; the sand may be quartz calcium carbonate snow gypsum or other materials. The upwind/upstream/upcurrent side of the dune is called the stoss side; the downflow side is called the lee side. Sand is pushed (creep) or bounces (saltation) up the stoss side and","Klos's \"The Shop on Main Street\" (1965) Menzel's \"Closely Watched Trains\" (1967) and Jan Svěrák's \"Kolya\" (1996) won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film while six others earned a nomination: \"Loves of a Blonde\" (1966) \"The Fireman's Ball\" (1968) \"My Sweet Little Village\" (1986) \"The Elementary School\" (1991)"],"title":["Frisian languages","Graph theory","Northrop Grumman B-2 Spirit","Dune","Czech Republic"],"word":"dne","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10596","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12401","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4396","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7890","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5321"]}
	{"docID":[951],"text":["major tourist attraction. Corn and sweet potatoes play an important role in Antiguan cuisine. For example a popular Antiguan dish Dukuna is a sweet steamed dumpling made from grated sweet potatoes flour and spices. One of the Antiguan staple foods fungi is a cooked paste made of cornmeal and water."],"title":["Antigua and Barbuda"],"word":"dneca","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=951"]}
	{"docID":[8964],"text":["Luthor fired every employee of the newspaper except for four people: Simone D'Neige Dirk Armstrong Jimmy Olsen and Lois Lane. As a final insult Luthor saw to it that the \"Planet\" globe was unceremoniously dumped in the Metropolis landfill. In the \"Planet\"'s place emerged \"LexCom\" a news-oriented Internet website that"],"title":["Daily Planet"],"word":"dneig","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8964"]}
	{"docID":[4836],"text":["in later compilations \"Ben Bilirim\" and \"Sarı Çizmeli Mehmet Ağa\". In 1981 Manço released \"Sözüm Meclisten Dışarı\" with Kurtalan Ekspres containing many hit songs including \"Alla Beni Pulla Beni\" \"Arkadaşım Eşek\" \"Gülpembe\" \"Halhal\" and \"Dönence\" among others. The album remains as one of their most popular works and launched a"],"title":["Barış Manço"],"word":"dnenc","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4836"]}
	{"docID":[3074],"text":["of the Dnepr and Don. These people may have assisted the Scythians when King Darius the Great led a Persian invasion into what is now Southern Russia to punish the Scythians for their raids into the Achaemenid Empire. Historian Marija Gimbutas has hypothesized that \"Androphagoi\" is a Greek translation of"],"title":["Androphagi"],"word":"dnepr","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3074"]}
	{"docID":[11002,12485],"text":["home for lunch. Also an alternative especially among blue-collar workers eating sandwiches followed with a dessert; both dishes can be found ready-made at bakeries and supermarkets for budget prices. \"Le dîner\" (dinner) often consists of three courses \"hors d'œuvre\" or \"entrée\" (appetizers or introductory course sometimes soup) \"plat principal\" (main","and pizza have become staples of the German diet. In 2008 there were around 9000 pizzerias and 7000 Italian restaurants in Germany. The pizza is Germany's favourite fast food. Turkish immigrants have introduced Turkish foods to Germany notably \"döner kebab\". In November 2017 it was estimated that 1500 döner kebab"],"title":["French cuisine","German cuisine"],"word":"dner","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11002","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12485"]}
	{"docID":[3415],"text":["authors such as Ivan Vazov Pencho Slaveykov Peyo Yavorov Yordan Radichkov and Tzvetan Todorov have gained prominence. In 1981 Bulgarian-born writer Elias Canetti was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature. Bulgarian folk music is by far the most extensive traditional art and has slowly developed throughout the ages as a"],"title":["Bulgaria"],"word":"dneven","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3415"]}
	{"docID":[3463],"text":["out of 193 nations. According to Eurostat data Bosnia and Herzegovina's PPS GDP per capita stood at 29 per cent of the EU average in 2010. The International Monetary Fund (IMF) announced a loan to Bosnia worth US$500 million to be delivered by Stand-By Arrangement. This was scheduled to be"],"title":["Bosnia and Herzegovina"],"word":"dnevni","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3463"]}
	{"docID":[3415],"text":["as Ivan Vazov Pencho Slaveykov Peyo Yavorov Yordan Radichkov and Tzvetan Todorov have gained prominence. In 1981 Bulgarian-born writer Elias Canetti was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature. Bulgarian folk music is by far the most extensive traditional art and has slowly developed throughout the ages as a fusion of"],"title":["Bulgaria"],"word":"dnevnik","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3415"]}
	{"docID":[8256],"text":["with membership open to all undergraduate students. Its status as an 800-watt non-commercial station in a major market city has given it a wider audience and a higher profile than many other college radio stations. DUTV is Drexel's Philadelphia cable television station. The student operated station is part of the"],"title":["Drexel University"],"word":"dnew","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8256"]}
	{"docID":[11337],"text":["DLUR/DLUS<br> DLZ1<br> dm<br> DMA<br> DMAD<br> dmake<br> DMALGOL<br> DME<br> DMI<br> DML<br> DMM<br> DMTF -- DONE<br> DMZ<br> DNA computing<br> DNF<br> DNIS<br> DNIX<br> DNOS<br> DNS<br> do<br> DOA<br> Doc<br> doc<br> docking station<br> DOCMaker<br> doco<br> DOCSIS<br> document<br> documentation<br> Document Examiner<br> Document Image Processing<br> Document Object Model<br> Document Style Semantics and Specification Language<br> Document Type Definition<br>"],"title":["Wikipedia:Free On-line Dictionary of Computing/C - D"],"word":"dnfbr","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11337"]}
	{"docID":[1927,6371],"text":["within \"The Azure Dragon of the East\" (東方青龍 \"Dōng Fāng Qīng Lóng\"). Five stars of Ara formed Guī (龜) a tortoise while another three formed Chǔ (杵) a pestle. Covering 237.1 square degrees and hence 0.575% of the sky Ara ranks 63rd of the 88 modern constellations by area. Its","centaur Chiron who was tutor to many of the earlier Greek heroes including Heracles (Hercules) Theseus and Jason the leader of the Argonauts. It is not to be confused with the more warlike centaur represented by the zodiacal constellation Sagittarius. The legend associated with Chiron says that he was accidentally"],"title":["Ara (constellation)","Centaurus"],"word":"dng","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1927","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6371"]}
	{"docID":[8882],"text":["patronym as \"mac Domnaill\" rather than the commonly supposed \"mac Dúngail\". This however is not widely accepted. Domnall died either at the palace of Cinnbelachoir (location unknown) or at \"Rathinveralmond\" (also unknown and may be the same place presumed to be near the junction of the Almond"],"title":["Domnall mac Ailpín"],"word":"dngail","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8882"]}
	{"docID":[6613],"text":["Mörön\" or the \"Red River\". The Tuotuo is one of three main headstreams of the Yangtze. The Dangqu River (  \"Dāngqū\") is the actual geographic headwater of the Yangtze. The name is derived the Classical Tibetan for \"Marsh River\" (  \"'Dam Chu\"). The Chumar River () is the Chinese name"],"title":["Yangtze"],"word":"dngq","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6613"]}
	{"docID":[5429,5428],"text":["northern side of the mountain chain. This east\u2013west-trending range extends from the Mekong River westward for approximately merging with the highland area near San Kamphaeng Thailand. Essentially the southern escarpment of the sandstone Khorat Plateau of northeastern Thailand the Dângrêk range slopes gradually northward to the Mun River in Thailand","administration was based on the religious idea of the Shivaite Hindu state and the central cult of the sovereign as warlord and protector - the \"Varman\". This centralised system of governance appointed royal functionaries to provinces. The Mahidharapura dynasty - its first king was Jayavarman VI (1080 to 1107) which"],"title":["Geography of Cambodia","History of Cambodia"],"word":"dngrk","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5429","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5428"]}
	{"docID":[6966],"text":["supreme epoch and \"shàngyuán jīnián\" were neglected from the \"Shòushí\" calendar. Shao Yong ( 1011\u20131077) a philosopher cosmologist poet and historian who greatly influenced the development of Neo-Confucianism in China introduced a time system in his \"The Ultimate which Manages the World\" () In his time system 1 \"yuán\" ()"],"title":["Chinese calendar"],"word":"dngyu","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6966"]}
	{"docID":[7015],"text":["divorced Zoellner in 1982. Barnard married for a third time in 1988 to Karin Setzkorn a young model. They also had two children Armin (born 1989) and Lara (born 1997) but this last marriage also ended in divorce in 2000. Barnard described in his autobiography \"The Second Life\" a one-night"],"title":["Christiaan Barnard"],"word":"dnh","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015"]}
	{"docID":[6434,8070,8060,5222,11127],"text":["?) foxes rabbits and wild domestic animals especially cats. Every year in the first days of June the \"Days of Chojnów\" (\"Dni Chojnowa\") are celebrated. The Whole-Poland bike race \"Masters\" has been organized yearly in Chojnów for the past few years. Chojnów has a Municipal sports and recreation center formed","Security Corps are military security agencies dependent on the Ministry of the Armed Forces. and they are made up of military and civilian personnel specialized in their different areas of function. To perform Security and Protection tasks in state institutions. Antiterrorism Command of the Dominican Armed Forces National Department of","Economic Partnership Agreement with the European Union and the Caribbean Community via the Caribbean Forum. Congress authorizes a combined military force of 44000 active duty personnel. Actual active duty strength is approximately 32000. Approximately 50% of those are used for non-military activities such as security providers for government-owned non-military facilities","President commander-in-chief of the armed forces. The Ministry of Defence exercises day-to-day control of the military and the Colombian National Police. Colombia has 455461 active military personnel. And in 2016 3.4% of the country's GDP went towards military expenditure placing it 24th in the world. Colombia's armed forces are the","Congress passed legislation as part of the \"Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act\" of 1968 requiring Senate confirmation of appointments of future Directors. As the incumbent this legislation did not apply to Hoover. The last FBI Director was James B. Comey who was appointed in 2013 by President Barack"],"title":["Chojnów","Armed Forces of the Dominican Republic","Dominican Republic","Colombia","Federal Bureau of Investigation"],"word":"dni","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6434","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8070","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8060","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5222","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11127"]}
	{"docID":[2417],"text":["as Ryanair Easyjet and Jet2.com. There are also regular flights to Algeria and Russia. Alicante railway station is used by Cercanías linking Alicante with suburbs and Murcia. Long-range RENFE trains run frequently to Madrid Barcelona and Valencia. Alicante Tram connects the city with outlying settlements along Costa Blanca. electric tram-trains"],"title":["Alicante"],"word":"dnia","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2417"]}
	{"docID":[3817],"text":["D-Nice and DJ Scott La Rock. DJ Scott La Rock was murdered on August 27 1987 five months after the release of BDP's debut album \"Criminal Minded\". The name of the group Boogie Down derives from a nickname for the South Bronx section of The Bronx one of the five"],"title":["Boogie Down Productions"],"word":"dnice","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3817"]}
	{"docID":[4865],"text":["about half the Breviaries of that country. Historically this proceeded from the labours of Jean de Launoy (1603\u20131678) \"le dénicheur des saints\" and Louis Sébastien le Nain de Tillemont who had shown the falsity of numerous lives of the saints; while theologically it was produced by the Port Royal school"],"title":["Roman Breviary"],"word":"dnicheur","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4865"]}
	{"docID":[8406,13275],"text":["the usual procedure in the declension of nouns. Its use is mainly for the indirect object as Sanskrit has seven other cases including an instrumental. The term \"dative\" is grammatically similar to the Sanskrit word \"datta\". \"Datta\" means \"gift\" or \"the act of giving\". As with many other languages the","language was written in a runic-like script (although it was not used for literature purposes in the modern interpretation). The country switched to the Latin alphabet after being Christianized under the reign of Stephen I of Hungary (1000\u20131038). The oldest remained written record in Hungarian language is a fragment in"],"title":["Dative case","Hungary"],"word":"dniel","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8406","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13275"]}
	{"docID":[8406],"text":["dative case is known as the \"fourth case\" (chaturthi-vibhakti) in the usual procedure in the declension of nouns. Its use is mainly for the indirect object as Sanskrit has seven other cases including an instrumental. The term \"dative\" is grammatically similar to the Sanskrit word \"datta\". \"Datta\" means \"gift\" or"],"title":["Dative case"],"word":"dnielnek","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8406"]}
	{"docID":[5658,4980,5188,4540,4652,305,2024,1695,3457,3386,4342],"text":["to the 420s BC) claimed that after eleven days' voyage up the Borysthenes (Dnieper River in Europe) a desolated land extended for a long way and later the country of the man-eaters (other than Scythians) was located and beyond it again a desolated area extended where no men lived. Cannibalism","Polish nobles. The advent of the Counter-Reformation worsened relations between the Orthodox and Catholic Churches. Many Orthodox Ukrainians considered the Union of Brest as a threat to their Orthodox faith. At the end of 1647 Khmelnytsky reached the estuary of the Dnieper river. On 7 December his small detachment (300\u2013500","to Vistula or even Dnieper and from the Baltic Sea to the Balkans. An example of that-time vision of Central Europe may be seen in J. Partsch\u2019s book of 1903. On 21 January 1904 \"Mitteleuropäischer Wirtschaftsverein\" (Central European Economic Association) was established in Berlin with economic integration of Germany and","lower Vistula and southeast shore of the Baltic Sea and upper Daugava and Dnieper rivers. Because the thousands of lakes and swamps in this area contributed to the Balts' geographical isolation the Baltic languages retain a number of conservative or archaic features. It is possible that around 3500\u20132500 B.C. there","being the landing on Fort Eben-Emael in Belgium). Use of armoured forces was crucial for both sides on the Eastern Front. Operation Barbarossa the German invasion of the Soviet Union in 1941 involved a number of breakthroughs and encirclements by motorised forces. Its goal according to Führer Directive 21 (18","exercise or of games instituted by him. This last feature of Pliny's account is considered to be the iconic spit called today \"Tendra\" (or \"Kosa Tendra\" and \"Kosa Djarilgatch\") situated between the mouth of the Dnieper and Karkinit Bay but which is hardly 125 Roman miles (c. 185 km) away from the","Dnieper rivers to Italy Greece the Black Sea Syria and Egypt over a period of thousands of years. From at least the sixteenth century BC amber was moved from Northern Europe to the Mediterranean area. The breast ornament of the Egyptian pharaoh Tutankhamen (ca. 1333\u20131324 BC) contains large Baltic amber","from the myth of the Amazons. Jordanes' \"Getica\" () purporting to give the earliest history of the Goths relates that the Goths' ancestors descendants of Magog originally dwelt within Scythia on the Sea of Azov between the Dnieper and Don Rivers. After a few centuries following an incident where the","much relaxed official attitude to dissident voices are all part of a weakening of the longtime warm relationship with Russia. Belarus lies between latitudes 51° and 57° N and longitudes 23° and 33° E. Its extension from north to south is from west to east is . It is landlocked","Dnieper Rioni Southern Bug and Dniester. The Black Sea has an area of (not including the Sea of Azov) a maximum depth of and a volume of . It is constrained by the Pontic Mountains to the south Caucasus Mountains to the east Crimean Mountains to the north Strandzha to","and the region between the Prut and Dnieper rivers (Moldova Republic/Western Ukraine) while a separate group (the Peucini Sidoni and Atmoni) dwelt in and north of the Danube delta region. Scholars hold divergent theories about the ethnicity of the Bastarnae. The mainstream view following what appears to be the most"],"title":["Human cannibalism","Bohdan Khmelnytsky","Central Europe","Balts","Blitzkrieg","Achilles","Amber Road","Amazons","Belarus","Black Sea","Bastarnae"],"word":"dnieper","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5658","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4980","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5188","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4540","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4652","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=305","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2024","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1695","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3457","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3386","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4342"]}
	{"docID":[305],"text":["History\" mentions a \"port of the Achæi\" and an \"island of Achilles\" famous for the tomb of that \"man\" (portus Achaeorum insula Achillis tumulo eius viri clara) situated somewhat nearby Olbia and the Dnieper-Bug Estuary; furthermore at 125 Roman miles from this island he places a peninsula \"which stretches forth in"],"title":["Achilles"],"word":"dnieperbug","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=305"]}
	{"docID":[3457],"text":["Russian newspaper. Also those who wish for Belarus to be reunited with Russia continue to use \"Belorussia\". Officially the full name of the country is \"Republic of Belarus\" ( ). From 5000 to 2000 BC Bandkeramik cultures predominated. In addition remains from the Dnieper-Donets culture were found in Belarus and"],"title":["Belarus"],"word":"dnieperdonet","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3457"]}
	{"docID":[4540,4213],"text":["ancestors of the Western Balts: Brus/Prūsa (\"Old Prussians\") Sudovians/Jotvingians Scalvians Nadruvians and Curonians. The Eastern Balts including the hypothesised Dniepr Balts were living in modern-day Belarus Ukraine and Russia. Subsequent Germanic and Gothic domination in the first half of the first millennium CE in Northern and Eastern Europe as well","a larger area: west to the mouth of the Vistula river in present-day Poland at least as far east as the Dniepr river in present-day Belarus perhaps even to Moscow and perhaps as far south as Kiev. Key evidence of Baltic language presence in these regions is found in hydronyms"],"title":["Balts","Baltic languages"],"word":"dniepr","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4540","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4213"]}
	{"docID":[3386,12641,12446],"text":["Dniester. The Black Sea has an area of (not including the Sea of Azov) a maximum depth of and a volume of . It is constrained by the Pontic Mountains to the south Caucasus Mountains to the east Crimean Mountains to the north Strandzha to the southwest Dobrogea Plateau to","By the 4th century the Goths had captured Roman Dacia and divided into at least two distinct groups separated by the Dniester River: the Thervingi (led by the Balti dynasty) and the Greuthungi (led by the Amali dynasty). The Goths separated into two main branches the Visigoths who became foederati","first to reach the Graeco-Roman world living in the area north of the Danube's mouth in the Black Sea. They resided primarily in the territory east of the Carpathian Mountains between the Dniester River valley and the delta of the Danube in what is now the Ukraine Moldova and Romania"],"title":["Black Sea","Goths","Germanic peoples"],"word":"dniester","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3386","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12641","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12446"]}
	{"docID":[3013],"text":["interest in science stemmed from a fascination with Karl Marx. Achenbach commented that \"She had at the time rather vaporous standards of evidence\" a reference to her"],"title":["Ann Druyan"],"word":"dniken","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3013"]}
	{"docID":[11228],"text":["of £16.9 million Al-Fayed stated that he would continue to make \"funds available to achieve our goals both on and off the pitch\" and that the \"continued success of Fulham and its eventual financial self-sustainability is my priority.\". As of January 2013 Fulham were effectively debt free as Al-Fayed converted the"],"title":["Fulham F.C."],"word":"dnipro","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11228"]}
	{"docID":[11228,10160,9002],"text":["£16.9 million Al-Fayed stated that he would continue to make \"funds available to achieve our goals both on and off the pitch\" and that the \"continued success of Fulham and its eventual financial self-sustainability is my priority.\". As of January 2013 Fulham were effectively debt free as Al-Fayed converted the loans","the Kamianets-Podilskyi massacre of 26\u201328 August 1941 some 23600 Jews were shot in front of open pits (including 14000\u201318000 people expelled from Hungary). After an incident in Bila Tserkva in which 90 small children left behind had to be shot separately Blobel requested that Jewish mothers hold them in their","He was the youngest of three sons. Jacob and Clara and their older sons Larry and Mac left Dnipropetrovsk two years before Danny's birth; he was their only son born in the United States. He attended Public School 149 in East New York Brooklyn \u2014 which eventually was renamed to"],"title":["Fulham F.C.","Final Solution","Danny Kaye"],"word":"dnipropetrovsk","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11228","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10160","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9002"]}
	{"docID":[11337],"text":["DLZ1<br> dm<br> DMA<br> DMAD<br> dmake<br> DMALGOL<br> DME<br> DMI<br> DML<br> DMM<br> DMTF -- DONE<br> DMZ<br> DNA computing<br> DNF<br> DNIS<br> DNIX<br> DNOS<br> DNS<br> do<br> DOA<br> Doc<br> doc<br> docking station<br> DOCMaker<br> doco<br> DOCSIS<br> document<br> documentation<br> Document Examiner<br> Document Image Processing<br> Document Object Model<br> Document Style Semantics and Specification Language<br> Document Type Definition<br> DOCUS<br>"],"title":["Wikipedia:Free On-line Dictionary of Computing/C - D"],"word":"dnisbr","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11337"]}
	{"docID":[10148,7499,954],"text":["and Wilhelm Waneck who kept in contact not only with Kaltenbrunner and other centers in Germany but also with stay-behind agents in the southern European capitals. Hitler made one of his last appearances on 20 April 1945 outside the bunker where he pinned medals on boys from the Hitler Youth","on the work carried out at Bruceton. In the event the UK was unable to obtain sufficient RDX to meet its needs some of the shortfall was met by substituting amatol a mixture of ammonium nitrate and TNT. Karl Dönitz was reputed to have claimed that \"an aircraft can no","had been alleged in a French magazine article. The following morning Speer left the \"Führerbunker\"; Hitler curtly bade him farewell. Speer toured the damaged Chancellery one last time before leaving Berlin to return to Hamburg. On April 29 the day before committing suicide Hitler dictated a final political testament which dropped"],"title":["Ernst Kaltenbrunner","RDX","Albert Speer"],"word":"dnitz","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10148","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7499","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=954"]}
	{"docID":[11337],"text":["dm<br> DMA<br> DMAD<br> dmake<br> DMALGOL<br> DME<br> DMI<br> DML<br> DMM<br> DMTF -- DONE<br> DMZ<br> DNA computing<br> DNF<br> DNIS<br> DNIX<br> DNOS<br> DNS<br> do<br> DOA<br> Doc<br> doc<br> docking station<br> DOCMaker<br> doco<br> DOCSIS<br> document<br> documentation<br> Document Examiner<br> Document Image Processing<br> Document Object Model<br> Document Style Semantics and Specification Language<br> Document Type Definition<br> DOCUS<br> DoD<br>"],"title":["Wikipedia:Free On-line Dictionary of Computing/C - D"],"word":"dnixbr","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11337"]}
	{"docID":[1560],"text":["daily by the Dzungars who went to physically gather the taxes from the Uighur Muslims and if they dissatisfied with what they received they would rape women and loot and steal property and livestock. Gold necklaces diamonds pearls and precious stones from India were extracted from the Uighurs under Dāniyāl"],"title":["Ahmad Shah Durrani"],"word":"dniyl","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1560"]}
	{"docID":[10511],"text":["of mechanisms. Simple and complex modes of inheritance have been identified for some of them. However extensive screening have failed to identify many single gene variants of large effect. More recent exome and genome sequencing studies have begun to reveal a number of de novo gene mutations that are responsible"],"title":["Epilepsy"],"word":"dnm","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10511"]}
	{"docID":[11337],"text":["DMA<br> DMAD<br> dmake<br> DMALGOL<br> DME<br> DMI<br> DML<br> DMM<br> DMTF -- DONE<br> DMZ<br> DNA computing<br> DNF<br> DNIS<br> DNIX<br> DNOS<br> DNS<br> do<br> DOA<br> Doc<br> doc<br> docking station<br> DOCMaker<br> doco<br> DOCSIS<br> document<br> documentation<br> Document Examiner<br> Document Image Processing<br> Document Object Model<br> Document Style Semantics and Specification Language<br> Document Type Definition<br> DOCUS<br> DoD<br> DoD-1<br>"],"title":["Wikipedia:Free On-line Dictionary of Computing/C - D"],"word":"dnosbr","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11337"]}
	{"docID":[12274,2023,5884],"text":["by economy of style and efficient effortless \"dénouements\" (outcomes). Many are set during the Franco-Prussian War of the 1870s describing the futility of war and the innocent civilians who caught up in events beyond their control are permanently changed by their experiences. He wrote some 300 short stories six novels","thus spared his life and helped him to escape. Angered by his daughter's disobedience Danaus orders her imprisonment and possibly her execution. In the trilogy's climax and dénouement Lynceus reveals himself to Danaus and kills him (thus fulfilling the oracle). He and Hypermnestra will establish a ruling dynasty in Argos.","only appendages of the machines they operated. His writings inspired others in particular journalists and political figures to address such problems of class oppression. For example the prison scenes in \"The Pickwick Papers\" are claimed to have been influential in having the Fleet Prison shut down. Karl Marx asserted that"],"title":["Guy de Maupassant","Aeschylus","Charles Dickens"],"word":"dnouement","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12274","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2023","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884"]}
	{"docID":[3060],"text":["some revisions and a name change to \"Enhanced 3DNow!\". Additions included DSP instructions and an implementation of the extended MMX subset of Intel SSE. The Athlon's CPU cache consisted of the typical two levels. Athlon was the first x86 processor with a 128 kB split level 1 cache; a 2-way associative"],"title":["Athlon"],"word":"dnow","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3060"]}
	{"docID":[8414],"text":["moorland. At nearly 5 km the Walkhampton scheme is the largest to be undertaken in the South West region by Western Power Distribution. The old overhead line was readily visible from the B3212 Princetown to Yelverton Road strung across Walkhampton Common from Devil\u2019s Elbow to just above Horseyeatt at Peek Hill."],"title":["Dartmoor Preservation Association"],"word":"dnpa","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8414"]}
	{"docID":[4996],"text":["Due to poor results in the first half of 1991 they had to prequalify in the second half of the season Blundell failed to do so in Japan as did Brundle in Australia. The team finished 10th in the Constructors' Championship behind another struggling British team Lotus. The 1992 season"],"title":["Brabham"],"word":"dnq","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4996"]}
	{"docID":[8127],"text":["\"individual\" as \"induhvidual\" is a pejorative term for people who are not in Dogbert's New Ruling Class (DNRC). Its coining is explained in \"Dilbert Newsletter\" #6. The strip has also popularized the usage of the terms \"cow-orker\" and PHB. In 1997 Scott Adams masqueraded as a management consultant to Logitech"],"title":["Dilbert"],"word":"dnrc","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8127"]}
	{"docID":[8349],"text":["Classic historians sometimes called these coins dēnāriī in the past but they are classified by modern numismatists as \"quadrīgātī\" which is derived from the quadrīgæ or four-horse chariot on the reverse and which with a two-horse chariot or biga was the prototype for the most common designs used on Roman"],"title":["Denarius"],"word":"dnri","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8349"]}
	{"docID":[8349],"text":["AD. The word \"dēnārius\" is derived from the Latin \"dēnī\" \"containing ten\" as its value was 10 assēs although in the middle of the 2nd century BC it was recalibrated so that it was now worth sixteen assēs or four sēstertiī. It is the origin of several modern words such"],"title":["Denarius"],"word":"dnriu","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8349"]}
	{"docID":[10150],"text":["Austria. From that point onwards he governed as dictator by emergency decree with absolute power. Dollfuss was concerned that with German National Socialist leader Adolf Hitler becoming Chancellor of Germany in 1933 the Austrian National Socialists (DNSAP) could gain a significant minority in future elections (according to fascism scholar Stanley"],"title":["Engelbert Dollfuss"],"word":"dnsap","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10150"]}
	{"docID":[11337],"text":["DMAD<br> dmake<br> DMALGOL<br> DME<br> DMI<br> DML<br> DMM<br> DMTF -- DONE<br> DMZ<br> DNA computing<br> DNF<br> DNIS<br> DNIX<br> DNOS<br> DNS<br> do<br> DOA<br> Doc<br> doc<br> docking station<br> DOCMaker<br> doco<br> DOCSIS<br> document<br> documentation<br> Document Examiner<br> Document Image Processing<br> Document Object Model<br> Document Style Semantics and Specification Language<br> Document Type Definition<br> DOCUS<br> DoD<br> DoD-1<br> dodgy<br>"],"title":["Wikipedia:Free On-line Dictionary of Computing/C - D"],"word":"dnsbr","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11337"]}
	{"docID":[8339],"text":["Subsequently legitimate application requests may be redirected to network hosts operated with malicious intent. DNS responses traditionally do not have a cryptographic signature leading to many attack possibilities; the Domain Name System Security Extensions (DNSSEC) modify DNS to add support for cryptographically signed responses. DNSCurve has been proposed as an"],"title":["Domain Name System"],"word":"dnscurv","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8339"]}
	{"docID":[8227],"text":["Norse. This language was generally called the \"Danish tongue\" (\"Dǫnsk tunga\") or \"Norse language\" (\"Norrœnt mál\"). Norse was written in the runic alphabet first with the elder futhark and from the 9th century with the younger futhark. From the seventh century the common Norse language began to undergo changes that"],"title":["Danish language"],"word":"dnsk","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8227"]}
	{"docID":[11866],"text":["creation of a \"Defense Navigation Satellite System (DNSS)\". It was at this meeting that the real synthesis that became GPS was created. Later that year the DNSS program was named \"Navstar\" or Navigation System Using Timing and Ranging. With the individual satellites being associated with the name Navstar (as with"],"title":["Global Positioning System"],"word":"dnss","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11866"]}
	{"docID":[8339,8735,8736],"text":["network hosts operated with malicious intent. DNS responses traditionally do not have a cryptographic signature leading to many attack possibilities; the Domain Name System Security Extensions (DNSSEC) modify DNS to add support for cryptographically signed responses. DNSCurve has been proposed as an alternative to DNSSEC. Other extensions such as TSIG","contracts. Most of the features of BIND 9 were funded by UNIX vendors who wanted to ensure that BIND stayed competitive with Microsoft's DNS offerings; the DNSSEC features were funded by the US military which regarded DNS security as important. BIND 9 was released in September 2000. In 2009 ISC","While djbdns does not directly support DNSSEC there are third party patches to add DNSSEC support to djbdns' authoritative-only tinydns component. The djbdns software consists of servers clients and miscellaneous configuration tools. In djbdns different features and services are split off into separate programs. For example zone transfers zone file"],"title":["Domain Name System","BIND","Djbdns"],"word":"dnssec","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8339","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8735","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8736"]}
	{"docID":[7196],"text":["the DNT the Norwegian Trekking Association extensively uses cairns in conjunction with T-painted rock faces to mark trails. Other examples of these can be seen in the lava fields of Volcanoes National Park to mark several hikes. Placed at regular intervals a series of cairns can be used to indicate"],"title":["Cairn"],"word":"dnt","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7196"]}
	{"docID":[9015],"text":["The clustering do rescue of stalled replication forks and favors normal progress of replication forks. Progress of replication forks is inhibited by many factors; collision with proteins or with complexes binding strongly on DNA deficiency of dNTPs nicks on template DNAs and so on. If replication forks stall and the"],"title":["DNA replication"],"word":"dntp","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9015"]}
	{"docID":[13224],"text":["one of the pivotal figures of engineering. Among the most important German writers were Thomas Mann (1875\u20131955) Hermann Hesse (1877\u20131962) and Bertolt Brecht (1898\u20131956). The pessimistic historian Oswald Spengler wrote \"The Decline of the West\" (1918\u201323) on the inevitable decay of Western Civilization and influenced intellectuals in Germany such as"],"title":["History of Germany"],"word":"dnvp","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13224"]}
	{"docID":[8881],"text":["an adjective indicating the level of the degree attained by the individual ). This is exemplified by the fact that even practitioners of AYUSH systems of medicine are routinely referred to as \"Doctors\" (though the appropriate term for practitioners of AYUSH alternative medicine (BAMS BHMS BUMS BSMS BNYS DNYS) would"],"title":["Doctor (title)"],"word":"dny","url":["https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8881"]}
